New Balance MT610
Too tight. I ordered these shoes in size 7.5 EE, because I have some leather boots that size that fit. These do not fit me properly. Way too cramped in the toe area. I gave them to my brother who does not have wide feet. I wanted to like these shoes. They are really cool looking but they kill my feet after wearing them for about 5 minutes. I ordered New Balance specifically because of their wide sizes, but I guess they make a lot of their shoes too small.
I returned these shoes because of the same complaint everyone else has been having. They fit great and look great everywhere except in the toe box. It felt like my toes were grinding on the sides and front of the shoe...I am a standard 12 in New Balance, and a 4E on the width. I wish they fit, but they don't offer half sizes up at a 12.
Well made sneaker, length is good, plan to order wider than you need and/or half size longer to make it work - okay if you like a squeeze around your foot.
Overall, the shoe is comfortable and offers great traction in the dirt and mud. Since it is a NB shoe, I expected the 4E width to be true to size but the toe box is at least 2 sizes narrow with a pointed toe rather than a rounded toe.
Great shoe, very light, not as sturdy as other NB products I have worn like the 820.
Reviews said to go up 1/2 size, I did not listen and had to return and get 1/2 size bigger, the return was painless!
Overall, good purchase for the money!
Good shoe. Very comfortable and fits true to size. Love that they're made in the USA too. I use them for neighborhood jogs as well as hiking. I've never liked big hiking boots, even for extended hikes, so shoes like this with good tread and lightweight construction are perfect.
These shoes are true to size, very comfortable and my new favorites. I have a wide foot and they fit just right. They are light and good traction. They give ample arch support as well. I would recommend these shoes to anyone wanting a vivid, bright comfortable pair of shoes.
I normally wear a 12 4E New Balance, but, I've consistently found the models that have a "snug fit" run a whole size smaller than listed.  A 12 4E in this shoe literally wasn't long enough, and a 13 4E was required.  It looks to me like their "Trail" shoes all run small. Order at least half size up, if not a full size or you'll be exchanging the pair you're about to order.
Ordered these for my son and while they are comfortable and stylish, they tend to run a whole size too small.  They are very pointed so we will be returning the second pair for another style.
Seems a half size too small, very odd since usually 10.5 works fine. Not sure I've ever been a 11.5!
It's hard to find a quad E in walking shoes. I have a very wide foot in the toe area. these shoes could have been a half size larger.
