PUMA Basket II
The Basket II is a really nice looking shoe- it looks just as nice in real life as on a computer screen. If you want it to fit you though need to get half-a-size to a size bigger. It's also very narrow so even if the length is right the width might not be. In addition, this shoe, along with most Puma shoes, creases very easily in the front. It started creasing after only a couple of days and got to the point where it was unwearable for me. I returned it and got the Puma Roma, which also started creasing until I bought some shoe trees. If you want to buy this shoe, I would recommend buying shoe trees as well, or stuffing socks in it when your not wearing it, because it will not be comfortable to wear otherwise.
These are very comfortable shoes. I took others advice and got half a size larger. They feel snug, but not tight. Puma makes a great shoe!
First time buying Puma shoes, so I was a bit nervous if I had made the right choice. I absolutely love them! They feel a bit tight, but nothing unbearable. And yes, be sure to order 1/2 size bigger than what you wear.
I've always been a big Puma fan and these shoes didn't let me down. Not wanting to wear dress shoes to the office - these feel just as good after a day at work as they did in the morning. Having a narrow heel has made it difficult to buy shoes that fit and these hold my foot in place. Normally I wear a 9, but with Puma I need a 9.5, so be careful what size you order.
My teenage son loves these shoes, says they are very comfortable. They do run small so make sure to order a half size bigger than you think you need.
It felt a little tight when you first put them on. Like the very first time right out of the box. But once on and you were them for a little bit they feel really good on the feet. Nice and snug 5 stars for sure on comfort but as the size gets bigger the shoe looks a little like clown shoes. I guess that's what happens when its a size 17.
Ordered these Classics and they arrived in the blink of an eye. The perfect sneakers. Definitely run a 1/2 size small. I’m sending my 12s back for 13s.
I read the review and upped the size by a 1/2. I also bought a pair of Puma Suede. I ordered the same size in both. The suede are very roomy and comfortable but these are unwearable, after an hour my feet ache and I'm hoping they stretch as I cant return as I live outside USA and the boxes were dumped and all that. Anyway just to let everyone interested in these fine looking runners know, order a size larger, well at least a half size but If I knew what I know now I'd order a size larger than the Puma suede I ordered at the same time. Hoping they eventually stretch cause I really love these styling runners!
Great shoes... just make sure to order your shoes a half size bigger. I am always a size 10.5 but with these I am a 11.
Very narrow. I wear a size 10, but had to order an 11 to get it to fit my width, which adds a little bit to the length of the shoe.
I wear size 17 and didn't like the feel of the shoe; not much support so your feet tend to slide. The shoe was a little snug as well.
