School Issue Varsity (Adult)
These are really well made, quality shoes.  I bought them for a male college student (2 full sizes larger than girls' sizing) and they fit perfectly and he loves them.  Very preppy.  He wears them with shorts, khaki pants, jeans, white pants, black pants.  The largest size is women's 11 which is guys size 9.  They need to make larger sizing for guys too!
What a great shoe. Just LOVE them. Really would like to buy another pair. This is a solid saddle shoe, just like we used to wear in school. Runs about 1/2 size small. The leather is a little stiff at first, but after just a couple of wearings, they are very comfortable.
Great solid genuine saddle shoe!
Love these shoes, everyone comments how cool they are (you know, in a retro way). They do seem to run a bit tight in length and width. Maybe order a half size larger and the width will be fine. If you plan to wear thick socks, go a full size larger. The soles are somewhat stiff for those of you that need structure and support -- if you're looking for cush stuff, these are not flexible enough. As a chef, these work great for me on my feet all day. (And they match my white chef coat and B&W houndstooth pants -- these shoes are becoming my signature look!)
I bought this shoe for my 9yrs old son. These are so hard to fine in the stores in his size. I love this shoe is fit true to size and my son states that they are very comfortable. No regrets.
Besides the shoes being exactly what I wanted both in appearance and high quality build, the service was outstanding! I paid no shipping cost to have them sent to me and when they were the wrong size, I paid no shipping to exchange them. It was a quick and easy exchange and I couldn't be happier! 
This shoe is true to size. It is extremely comfortable. I will get a second pair! 2 thumbs up!
I used to wear these all the time when I was younger because I went to a catholic school and they were a part of my uniform. Who would have guessed years later I'd wear them because I actually liked them?! Just got these in the mail today. I was afraid they were going to be too small by looking at them but they fit perfect. Normally I wear a 9.5 in regular sneakers so I'm glad I looked at the size chart because I went up to a 10. A 9 would have definitely been too small so definitely use the size chart and measure your feet! The arch support is spectacular. My feet feel really good in these. Love them!
I bought these shoes to wear as part of my dance troupe's costume. I danced/marched in these for 7 hours straight one day and 5 in the next and my feet felt great. They are stiff, and seem to run small, so I went up a size. I did add some moleskin to the inside of the shoe, since I had to dance in them for so many hours, and that helped a lot. A very well made shoe! 
Great shoes -- recommended! I am a female and I bought them for myself. Nice business causal shoes to wear with pants. Be warned -- they are huge! I sent them back because they were way too big. Even when I got the replacement shoes at half a size smaller, they are still a smidge large. If you're a size 7, order a size 6.5, or even 6!
This shoe has a nice snug, supportive fit without being too tight. I have a size 6.5 slightly wide foot and my feet like being in these! Their look is a bit striking as the white leather is really white. I've always loved saddle shoes and I'm on a mission to bring them back! My only complaint would be the very stiff, sharp edge to the heel area. I use shoe horns to put them on without the edge digging into my heel. But once they're on, they feel great. 
