Five Ten Canyoneer 2
The shoe is wide, but that is not the problem. For my usual shoe size, it is slightly short for sports activities.
My big toe contacts the toe box. The next size up, 0.5 cm larger, is fine in the length, but the shoe is then too wide. I am on the tightest buckle from the outset.
If you need boots like this then these are awesome and you will be so glad you got them! I did The Narrows two day hike in Zion National Park and probably would have broke my ankle without them. They really hold your ankle and heel well. If you plan to wear neoprene socks with them, you may want to get half a size larger depending on your sock thickness.
My research in the mountainous rainforest requires a shoe that easily adapts to a constantly changing terrain and environment which is sometimes treacherous and unforgiving.  This shoe is the best I have ever had for rocks, dirt, mud, steep grades, ascent and descent, and water as well as climbing trees and rope when necessary.  The grip is unrivaled by anything I have ever had. True to size, but a bit wide, and more comfortable with wear. Take a while to dry out if they they get wet, but worth it. I strongly recommend these for anyone who is serious about the outdoor exploring in rough terrain and will definately own another pair in the future!
Great shoe for tripping with a canoe. Need to wear at least a 3 mm neoprene sock for comfort from stitching etc., and a larger size to accommodate this sock. I would prefer to eliminate the silver trim.
You can look and research forever and ask the experts but you will never find one boot that everyone agrees is "the best." For my son and me these were the best we've worn and seen over the course of 4 different rigorous back country trips in Canada and the BWCAW. We wore thin or no socks. Both of us did have either orthotics or SuperFeet (blue) liners on top of the regular liners. If you wanted to wear neoprene booties you'd have to size up a bit. We both have narrow feet (size 12.5 and size 14) and would have ordered a narrower shoe if available. However, these shoes were absolutely outstanding at gripping wet rocks, wet sandy rocks, and even wet slimy rocks. The tall sides and neoprene collar kept most annoying debris from entering over the course of the day. We may have had to stop and empty them only 2-3 times over 5 days of numerous, lengthy, sometimes shin-deep mucky, and sometimes cross country bushwhacking portages. The toes are durable enough to deal with sticks, rocks, and canoe parts that challenged them. I usually paddled kneeling because of a back issue. That same issue caused me to lose some sensitivity and strength in one leg and the few times I slipped or twisted my ankle as a result, there was enough support in the boot to prevent injury. To quickly drain the most water out while standing, you'll want to bend your leg and bring your heel toward your buttocks because the only drainage is a durable but small wire mesh screen on the instep of each boot. The only other mesh is the durable yellow synthetic color you see in the picture. I had no problems with the buckles/straps but would be worried if one broke off because you'd either lose a great deal of support and/or risk the boot coming off in a muck-sucking situation. Straps are stiff plastic/rubber mix and would be cumbersome in cold weather but I wouldn't want to wear these then unless I had neoprene booties on to keep feet warm as they would be getting wet. I'd give this 5 stars if the drainage were a bit better and the straps were more flexible. I don't know of any boot that would rate a '5' over a wide range of conditions as we are used to tackling.
Thought they could have done a lot better. I wear size 10 in everything. I got 10-1\/2 beacuase that was all they had. My toes hit the end and they were very wide. There is also a rivet that hits on the inside of the foot. Generally I like every shoe I get so I am very unpicky. These shoes were just not that great. Next canyon I will just go back to tennis shoes. \r\n\r\nThe good thing about them is they seem to be durable.
Looked nice this web site, but once I received them, they were clunky and did not fit well. They are also NOT true to size. They are a half size too small. I am a size 15, but it felt like I needed a 15 and 1/2 to 16. It\'s too bad.
Being new to canyoneering, I was advised to buy this boot for an AZ trip. Wearing a wet suit w/ neoprene socks, I ordered a size larger. Hiking, some climbing and transitioning between wet and dry conditions I commented to others, most of whom were the same shoe, that I'd never owned a boot so versatile. Rappelling down waterfalls gave remarkable traction and stability. Straps offered good fit throughout and they dried easily - in the desert.
Get the right size - 
I just returned from 10 days of photography in the desert of southern Utah. The Canyoneer II is an excellent boot for any kind of rock, even sandstone (which is where I used them). I spent 10 days photographing various stoney landscapes with the Canyoneers. They were always sticky, comfortable, and warm.
The shoes are true-to-size if you are wearing regular socks. However, if you plan to use neoprene socks, buy one size up for 2-4mm neoprene, and 1 1/2 sizes for 5-7mm neoprene. A company that rents these out near Zion Natioinal Park recommends 1 to 1 1/2 sizes larger than normal as well. You might consider a size larger if you are going to use any type of thick sock. Purchasing 1 1/2 sizes larger not only fit the neoprene perfectly, it also avoided any painful mashing of my toes in front. A bonus - the neoprene socks kept the toes surprisingly warm - even while hiking around in a foot of snow.
The only drawback I found was that the straps are a bit stiff, especially when cold. They seem to be working-in a bit as time passes.
If you think you want this shoe, then get it! You won't be disappointed. After my Utah trip, I will be using my Canyoneers in more places than just rocks. They allowed me to not worry about my footing while carrying two pro DSLRs, a tripod and other gear.


