inov-8 F-Lite™ 220
These do run a 1/2 size small - even against other Inov-8s (wear a size 11.5 in F-lite 230, 12s in these). Not quite as comfy out of the box as the 230's. But I think that's a reason the 230s aren't as durable? We'll see.
I love these shoes! Right out of the box they felt great, and could immediately work out in them (CrossFit). The size was true to fit, and they are comfortable for both running and WODs. The only downside is that the laces are kind of strange so they have to be double knotted otherwise they come unlaced right away. These are the first pair of minimalist-type shoes that I have really liked! Great shoes!

These are awesome shoes for transitioning from regular running shoes with a high heal rise, to a more Pose (toe style, barefoot style, sprinter style) that I have read is easier on my knees and hips. The first pair I ordered were a half size too skinny, so I sent them back and the next day got the updated size on my doorstep. Wow, what awesome customer service that was! These shoes are lightweight, but tough enough for street, gym, and treadmill running. They feel well put together. I wouldn't take them trail running, and I wouldn't try to work on my feet in them all day in standing job as there is not a lot of cushion, but there is a little cushion. I plan to start doing some Crossfit in them too and think they will be wonderful for those workouts. Size: They run a half size smaller in the width of the toe box. To get the toe box width I needed, I had to go a half size longer than I actually needed. Sometimes I can get away with ordering men's sized shoes because they are wider, but these are Medium width "unisex" shoes. Other Inov8 shoes do have a wider men's D width. Lift: These are not as flat as the barefoot shoes, but are more cushion & rise in the heel than Adidas Samba Classics, which I would consider flat or zero heel rise and a standard D Men's width. These have a bit of a feel like Adidas Millennium indoor soccer shoes, with a little more tread since there's no soccer ball to feel. I like the clear gum rubber sole as it is non-marking because if I decide to do anything on a basketball gym floor it won't mark it up.
Great shoe for most anything. I always have to go 1/2 size up with Inov-8 (10 instead of a 9.5 in most other athletic shoes).
Bought these shoes for Crossfit and running short distance. I absolutely love them. They're light for running, low to the ground for barbell work and excellent grip for sprinting on the road. My only complaint is that the toe box is a bit too snug for my feet. Be warned that the sizes run a 1/2 size too big. Other than that these are great shoes!
Great shoe, everything about it. I had one major problem not with the shoe but the other review told me that it was a half size bigger - not true at all. Now I have to break them in more than I would like. Get the size you would for any Inov-8.
I'm not normally one to gush over consumer products, but this really is an amazing shoe.  It's light, amazingly comfortable (like wearing nothing), and very versatile.  I can still feel every bump and change in terrain when I run in it, but there's plenty of support too.  They're also great in the gym, and give excellent stability, traction, and foot placement for lifting and Crossfit.  I took them on a short hike last weekend, and even with 40 lbs on my back I still felt better after 5 miles than I usually do after 3.  Decent traction and comfy on hard trails, but I wouldn't do anything too hardcore with them off road.  Also, they look pretty cool.

As far as sizing goes, definitely get them a half size larger - I wear a 12, and the 12.5 is perfect on me.  

All in all, this is a great all around shoe for 90% of the activities I want to do.  You'll probably be really happy with it too.
Don't forget that this is actually a great running shoe, and can go beyond cross training. Sticky bottom is great for trail running. Although light, this shoe offers decent support as well. Not for the heavy heel striker, more for the efficient runner. Order a half size down. Love the laces, they really "lock down" the hold. Can't wait for more to come in, so I can add another color to the selection. Others will stop and ask you what kind of shoes they are. Also expect the Crossfit crowd to give you a "head nod" as if you are part of an underground crowd. Funny!
