Converse Kids Chuck Taylor® All Star® Core Slip (Toddler/Youth)
Super cute shoe and my 5 year old grandson loved the look. He normally wears a size 12 with a little grow room. Several reviewers said these run quite large so I ordered an 11 and 11.5 ~ 11.5 was too small and felt narrow. Obviously, didn't even bother trying the 11. Very disappointed! Will reorder but had hoped to have them for vacation.
I initially bought a women's 6½ and it felt like a size 8. So I exchanged them for a youth size 3 and they fit perfectly. Like all sneakers, you definitely need to break them in. Overall, I like these shoes; they are cute and versatile.

Love them!  Bought these for my 8 year old and they are the perfect shoe.  Easily slip on with or without socks.  Comfortable and lightweight.  She's happy to have a sneaker that doesn't look goofy with skirts!  It seems that they run a little big compared to other sneakers.  In a running shoe, she's wearing a size 4. In these, we ended up with a size 2.
Love this shoe but beware that it is a large. I read a lot of reviews that say this shoe is true to size but I ordered a 12 and my son measures 11.5. It was way too big so I ordered the 11.5 and it was still too big. We are on our third try with a size 11 so hopefully it works! This shoes are so cute!
Awesome shoes. True to size. My 3rd grader loves them. Hipster and practical all at once. 
Great shoe, was exactly what we were looking for. Size runs about a 1/2 size larger. Shoe has side padding that takes a little getting used to, but overall, love the shoe.

These are true to size. The color is great. This is probably the 3rd pair that we've purchased.

This shoes are my son's 3rd pair. I love the way they fit and look. I feel that it runs big, so I get 1 size smaller for him each time.
These shoes are great! Especially for the price. I am usually a size 6 in women's sizes and the size 4 in kids fits me perfectly. I would definitely recommend these.

My 8 year old daughter loves these sneakers.  She says they are so comfortable and she loves being able to slip them on quickly without any laces to tie.  They do run big. She's normally a 4 but the size 3 fits her well.
Great shoe, but seems to run a size and a half larger! My son is size 1.5, and I bought 13.5 for him based on other people's reviews that the shoes run a size too big. It appears that even 13.5 is too big. We'll keep it even though it's a little too big.

Love the shoes, but buy a full size smaller.

These shoes are so cute. My 8 year old daughter is very picky about shoes, but loved these. My only issue is that she has only had them for a week and one of the silver rivets on the side of the shoe came out. Still wearable, but at this price would like them to hold up longer than that. As for size, I was worried since they only came in whole sizes. She wear a 12.5 but after reading all the reviews that said is runs big, I ordered a 12. Fit was perfect with a bit of room to grow, so I agree they do run large.
Great shoe! My daughter loves it. However, they do run really big! I ended up getting full size smaller than her normal shoe.
My 6 year old daughter absolutely loves these. They are her go to shoes for school. I did buy them a size smaller than her normal size and they fit perfect.
Very cute, but runs huge... order a size smaller than usual! Great for kids with narrow feet. 
My daughter loves these shoes. She wears them with everything and loves the fact that there are no laces to tie. I ordered an half size smaller, as reviews states they tend to run bigger, as the fit perfectly.
I ordered these for my daughter and she loves them! She is wearing them with everything; leggings, skinny jeans, mini skirts, shorts. It's now getting chilly, but she still wears them. They are bigger, about one full size, so take that into account when ordering.
Great for young kids - 
These shoes work with many types of clothes. They are easy to slip on and off, and my daughter loves them. Be sure to order at least one full size down. The shoes are a bit heavy and very flat, so they might not be the best shoe if you plan on your kid walking around all day.
Awesome sneakers - 
My daughter loves these sneakers. She has them in almost every color! They are true to size and very comfortable and easy to slip on. I would recommend them to everyone.

Great shoes, run big - 
Great shoes that even fit my daughter's wide foot. They run big, so order a full size smaller than usual!
