Saucony Kinvara TR
I am new to Saucony Kinvara and find the shoe awesome on a rooted and stone trail. The shoe holds the foot snug and with the low center of gravity - it's an ankle saver for me. Other reviewers commented on size and based on their info, I ordered two sizes to be sure I had the right fit the on the first order. For the casual trail runner, you won't be disappointed - my previous shoe was a Merrell trail glove which did not offer enough padding (for me) for stones and tree roots. The shoe offers great traction on dirt, gravel, pine straw covered trail, and roots. My weight is 227 pounds - size 13 shoe - however, the best fit was 14 for me. Matched up against previous Saucony's - the shoe appears smaller than 13's.
I really like this shoe! I'm a loyal Kinvara customer so I had to give this a try. I will say that it's not exactly the Kinvara for trails, it definitely has its own nuances that make it different than the regular version. So when I first put them on I was a little concerned that the toe was snug, but after wearing them for a while and doing some technical trails I actually came to enjoy the fit. Because it does have a conforming fit, I found that my foot didn't move around much at all, which is usually what causes my bruised toe nails. I bought the same size as my Kinvaras and I liked that fit, but if you wear a thicker sock or want a little more room in the toes (or have a custom insert), I think I would suggest going up a half size.
In my size, my toe was right up against the toe protector of the Kinvara TR, so you should get at least a half size up from your usual.  This was not a problem in the kinvara 2 for me because there was no toe protector in that road shoe and the fabric was flexible enough to accommodate my foot size and any swelling from the run without causing any problems.  But this is a trail shoe meant for rough terrain, and the toe protector is more solid and already cramps the toes slightly before you even begin to run.  So, if you are getting these because you had the kinvara 2 in your regular size and loved it, size up a half or you will be disappointed.  

Aside from that, these shoes are a good transformation of the awesome Kinvara for the trail.  
