Teva Riva Mesh
Really like this shoe, very comfortable out of the box. Felt a little tighter/smaller than actual size but this has eased as I've worn them. I took the paper stuffing and crammed it down into the toe box of each shoe for about a week. That has helped. The size I have isn't uncomfortable but next time I'd order a half size larger for just a bit more comfort. Overall, great pair of shoes that I'll buy again.
The Teva Riva Mesh is an excellent shoe. Super comfy right out of the box. This is my new favorite shoe.  I followed everyone's advice and ordered a half size larger and they fit perfect.  I wear a solid size 9 in everything else, but got the 9.5 and am glad I did.  The only downside is that the shoe feels like you can't tie it tight enough to stay completely put. Not a deal breaker, but just a weird feeling sometimes.  I wouldn't hesitate in buying them again. 
Excellent shoe. I've been wearing them for a couple of weeks now and they are very comfortable. I haven't worn anything but Ecco for the last 4 or 5 years, so this was a big step out of my 'comfort' zone, but it's been well rewarded! They are much lighter (weight) than I expected, but that's a good thing. This doesn't seem to affect the sturdy construction either. Should be no problem wearing them all summer without overheating my feet. As others have said, order 1/2 size larger than normal, I usually wear 12/12.5 but the 13's fit perfectly.
Fit's great, slightly smaller for the same size than the non mesh version of this shoe. I'm a normal 10-10.5 in Keen and took an 11 in this one. But 11 was too big in the non-mesh version. It's good for warm dry weather and feels nice and light but with great sole for rougher surfaces. Great for in town too.
I had to return my original order because the shoes were slightly too small length-wise, but the width was perfect. The next size up had the perfect length but the width was a little bigger. I decided to keep the larger shoes and have been getting great wear out of them since.
