Vivobarefoot Ultra M
If you want to wear socks and use the inner lining (which is optional), then go a size or two larger.
Just got the shoes and had to send them back. I ordered a size 13, which is what got shipped; however, their sizes are running too small and the shoes didn't fit. I am very disappointed because I really liked the shoes and they were for my birthday. Too bad they didn't have a size 14. So anyway, order a size up when getting the shoes because they are running small.
Great shoe. Size runs small. I have many pairs of Vivobarefoot shoes size 45 but on these shoes I needed 46. 
At first I thought this was the perfect minimalist running shoe, but there are some minor issues. The inner boot is a little small for me to wear with socks. Fits fine without socks, but the boot absorbs like a sponge. If you have sweaty feet like me, running without socks is not an option during the hot months. Especially with this shoe. Might be an issue during rain. I tried wearing just the shell with no socks while running, but my foot slipped around a lot and squeaked while I ran (think wet flip flops). Worst issue was that it created a blister on one of my toes. By the way, this is the way I wear the shoes day to day. Works great as a minimalist casual shoe with shorts. Also good for pool. I've found the best solution for running is to wear socks with just the shell and no boot. Maybe if I had a bigger size, I could use the boot with socks. Although, I wonder if I would be as happy with the shoe overall. Sometimes debris gets in the shoe through the holes, which can be annoying. This has only been an issue as a casual shoe, but hasn't happened while running. I've only run about 70 miles so far in the shoe. My longest run being about 6.5 miles. I run on country roads that are not as smooth as a typical road and sometimes can be as rough as gravel. I was worried about the durability of the shoe, but it seems to be holding up. My past two Saucony CC shoes were extremely durable on these roads, and I'm hopeful the Ultra M will be the same. I literally ran holes in the bottom of my first Saucony CC shoe. Great ground feel for the minimalist runner. Plenty of room in the toe box. I highly recommend giving this shoe a try if you're a minimalist runner. Fortunately, a shoe like this will not cost a lot in a couple of years. It probably only costs very little to make this shoe including the liner.
So here are my thoughts on running in the Vivobarefoot Ultra M's: All in all the shoes are nice. You can do the inner sock thingy or you can take it out and use the shoe like a running Croc. So far I've used the sock as the running Croc and is a little too loose for me. Unfortunately, one thing I realized was my left foot fit better in the size 8s and my right foot in the size 9s--I went with the 9s and that has left my left foot prone to a little irritation in the back of the foot. I've tried two ways of dealing with it, one just folding the in-sock down inside the shoe some, and/or duck tape, or band aids. The former if I forget to grab the latter. These shoes are decent if you're like me and wanted something different than Vibrams.

Fairly comfortable with the liners in, I'll agree with the other reviewer that the size increases significantly with the liner removed. I'm a little disappointed with the grommets for the laces being not the most secure (I have to be sure I don't pull too hard when lacing them up, otherwise a couple of the grommets at the top are at risk of popping out). Otherwise, they're very comfortable, casual shoes. For running in the rain or through puddles/water I think they're great, but with the liners removed debris is likely to get in, so I haven't worn them on trails, only roads. Another note about the liners is that the puncture resistance is a part of the liners, so with them removed you lose a bit of protection against sharp objects.
This barefoot shoe is great, although, when you take out the lining, the size increases significantly.  Almost to the point where you can't where the shoe without it.  Other than that, it's awesome.
