Nike Free Run+ 3
I bought these shoes for my 12 year old daughter who is very picky about comfort. She loves these shoes. She went up a size so I guess they run small.
These shoes are sooo comfortable. I use them for walking and for my fitness classes. They are quite attractive too. I would consider buying a half size bigger as that is what I had to do. I highly recommend these comfy, cute shoes! I might have to buy a second pair sometime soon! 
I ordered these because I own a pair of Free Run +2. I find the fit of the +3 to be a lot different. I ordered the same size as my Free Run +2 and my Free Run +3s are a lot tighter. I still kept them and I wear them, although I do prefer my Free Run +2. I do love the colors and textures of these shoes. 
I love my Nike Free Runs. I got them in black in size 8 1/2. I'm usually an 8 and that's the size I was going to order but I read all the reviews & got a half size bigger. Good thing I did, because they fit perfectly! I have a good amount of room in the tip of the sneaker. The only bad thing I would say is that they're a little narrow and the side of my toe kind of rubs against it, but I'm sure they'll stretch once I start wearing them. They feel so light and I know I'm going to enjoy running in them. They were kind of expensive, but definitely worth it. I would recommend them to anyone!
I love these shoes! They are light weight and comfortable. They fit slightly smaller than normal, which I find with all Nikes. I am a 6½ to 7 and the size 7 is perfect. The bright colors are great.
Every shoe in my closet is a size 9 for the last 20 years and I was surprised to find the size 9 that I ordered was too small! Returning and re-ordering in a size 9 1/2. :(
Great shoes. Note they run at least 1/2 size too small. They are also narrow, but not a problem for me.
I will have to return these and get a half size larger (and wait for the right color). They look awesome and breathe wonderfully!
I bought these for my husband and my son.  They both wanted a lightweight pair of shoes for working out. These fit the bill. They find them comfortable and stylish. They also like that they could purchase some kind of sensor to put in the shoe to keep track of their workouts. They both asked for the shoe a half size larger than their regular size and they fit perfectly. They use super feet insoles in their shoes for extra support and these shoes  accommodate them. They were both very happy.
This is my first pair of real running shoes. They came very highly recommended, so I bit the bullet and spent the money. I am very glad I did. They have great support and because of their unique design, they make trail running very comfortable. They do fit very snugly, so if between sizes, go larger.
These are some of the lightest, most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They are not as hard to slip on as some of Nike's other sock-like Free's but they still provide a form-fitting feel. I've consistently worn a 10.5 across all Nike lines and this shoe was no different. The 10.5 felt true to size.
Very comfortable and very well fitting shoe. I really like the neoprene back as it makes them really easy to get in and out of. I'd definitely recommend getting a half size larger as I had to go a little larger myself.
