Ahnu Montara II
Finding good trail walking shoes has been a challenge since I was diagnosed with arthritis in my feet. I was having difficulty finding shoes that accommodate my custom orthotics and hammertoes. I need a deep, broad toe box, and a narrow heel. I've returned many shoes, and had almost given up when I found this shoe. As recommended by online reviewers, I ordered up a half size. The fit is excellent. Although the description doesn't note it, the footbed is removable. The shoes fit best with a lightweight Smartwool sock with cushioning. I did have slight heel slippage, but I resolved that issue by rethreading the laces through the last metal rings, after hooking them around the hooks (the laces are plenty long). This brought the knot down lower on the tongue and allowed me to cinch the laces tighter to prevent heel slippage. The laces will stay in this position when removing the shoes and putting them on. I ordered the black, but I'm very tempted to purchase another pair in purple or wine. They are comfortable, supportive, the sole has great traction, the leather is excellent quality, and the waterproof material makes them very practical. They're also attractive, for a shoe of this type. I'm very pleased with my purchase.
These have a substantial, heavier sole. Roomy toe box. The lining feels very silky and luxurious and shoe is nicely cushioned inside. The heel might be a solution for some with narrow heel slipping issues (like me). The provided insole was a little more substantial than the average (but still minimal arch/heel support). The heel is some combination of higher rise and/or curving in more than average. For me, this seemed to be OK on my smaller foot (size 10), but it cut in and was very uncomfortable on my slightly larger foot (size 10¼?). My heel still slipped in both shoes, but less so than in every other low hiker that I have tried on in the last year (which is probably over 15), except for Lowas (which are too narrow at the forefoot on me). I tried these on with provided insoles and two other more rigid/supportive ones, and results were similar. The tongue of this shoe is weirdly shorter than normal. The bow sits only about ¼" from the end. I did not like the lacing system. The eyelets are wide and metal, and do not grip the laces at all, so the overall tightness depends totally on the final tug before you tie the bow. Overall, these are more like walking shoes than hiking shoes. I returned them.
These shoes are comfortable until the end of the day. The other shoes I wear and swear by are Keen Voyageurs for their support. I have medium width feet. I tried this purely for the unique color and get a ton of compliments on them. They are cute, flattering, comfortable, unique. I did order a half a size larger for length. I work in retail and am on my feet all day, standing in one place for periods of time so I need really comfortable shoes, and not necessarily running shoes which are great for moving. 
