GoLite Lava Lite
Buy these at least a 1/2 size bigger. I love the look and light feel of the shoe but they give me horrible blisters on the back of my feet -- I think if they were bigger they might not give blisters.
I took these on a recent trip to Europe. I had read the reviews indicating the shoe runs small and ordered my normal size and a half size larger to compare. I ended up going with my normal size because the half size seemed more like a full size larger. The first few times I wore the shoes, they rubbed in the heel and felt tight in the toe box. By removing the extra insoles, leaving just the wide insole, I finally found enough room in the shoes. These are a cute, fun sneaker for cooler weather but don't expect to wear them on an all-day hike and be comfortable.
I love GoLites. This is my second pair although this style is different than my first. These are good for light hiking and walking. I don't think the shoe will hold up for as many miles on the rocky trails in Sedona. They are very comfortable though and fit my narrow foot perfectly. I followed advice of other reviewers and bought a half size larger.
I've been wanting a pair of barefoot style shoes for a while - that is, a pair with no rise in the heel at all. These are both super comfy and super cute. They're not waterproof, so I wouldn't wear them for hiking, but for long walks in the city they're perfect. They do run about a half or a full size small, so order accordingly.
Beware - runs 1/2 size small. Also, the shoe may have zero drop but the insole does add height to the heel, especially with the "wide" insole.
Love these shoes. Have 2 pairs and wear them all the time. Have had 2 foot surgeries in the past year so my feet are very sensitive. I can wear these all day and my legs don't get tired. Like wearing them more than athletic shoes. The size was perfect. I did add my own insoles with more of an arch support.
I was very excited to get these shoes.  I love the color and style.  Unfortunately, the 9 1/2 I ordered is a little small.  They are going back and I can't wait to get the size 10 tomorrow.  They definitely run small.  Order a 1/2 up.
I bought these shoes for an upcoming trip to London. One thing I have learned about travel is a comfortable pair of shoes are a must! I've been wearing these around so that the trip won't be the first time I wear them. They are great! I love the inserts for narrow and wide feet. I have narrow feet. I'm okay with the regular width, but when I put in the narrow inserts, it was like these shoes were made for me. I love them. They make it feel like you are walking on air. I especially like the gripping bottoms. I look forward to climbing the many steps to the top of St. Paul's Cathedral and walking through The Tower of London in these great shoes. I did have to return these to get a size larger. I usually wear a 6.5 US and had to get a 7.0 US. So, they do run a little small. 
These shoes have a cool feature that I have never seen anywhere else. They ship as a medium (B) but can be changed to a narrow (A) or a wide (D) depending on the addition or removal of a portion of the foot bed (instructions inside). They have good cushion & support, are very lightweight, and are a very cute alternative to tennis shoes, especially with jeans or shorts. They also have excellent traction which would make them ideal for hiking and other outdoor activities. They run small, so I would highly recommend ordering up a half size. (I normally wear a 9 but needed a 9 1/2 in these). Alas, as great as they feel at first, after a half hour or so my feet start to hurt, which is always the case with shoes that are too narrow for my crazy-wide (EE) feet. However, because I have faith they will be comfortable with the proper width, I am trying again with the men's version.
These shoes are wonderful in many ways. They are light, cute, cushioned. My problem with them is that only one of them rubs in an uncomfortable place on my Achilles tendon. I'm going to try to wear them with a bandaid there because otherwise, I like them. A big plus is that they come with 2 different sizes of inserts for people with narrower feet, making it possible for all sizes to be comfortable wearing them.
These shoes are the greatest ever! I absolutely love them. I was looking for something to use for participating in Dog Agility which includes running on wet grass. The bottoms of these are like cleats, they prevent me from slipping. They are also extremely comfortable and nice looking. They are a bit snug in that I can only wear kind of thin socks with them, so if you wear thicker, athletic socks you might want to order up 1/2 size. But I am super happy with these. I love the little doggy paw on the front of the toe, and that probably convinced me to get them compared to other similar brands, but now I'm 100% sold. 
