Jumping Jacks Kids Cheerleader III (Adult)
This shoe is fabulous! Lightweight, true to size and looks great. Highly recommended! Love them.
These shoes are great! I've been wearing them for almost 4 weeks straight and they still look new. They're well made and very comfortable. I have a wide foot and normally wear an 8.5 Wide. I ordered that size in these oxfords and they fit perfectly. And about that reviewer who said that the leather cracked after a week of wear...no way. They wear beautifully.
Runs smaller and tighter than most size 10s. Their Wide is same as medium width on most other shoes.
I ordered a wide which turned out not to be very wide.  After comparing the regular width to the wide width, I would say the regular is closer to a narrow and the wide is closer to an average width.  My daughter had blisters for the first 2 weeks trying to break these in.  Her school dress code requires these shoes with no other choices.  I would say if you have wide feet these shoes will not work for you.  They also have no arch support.  If you want to put in an arch support or orthotic then buy a half size larger.
This style has always appealed to me because not only is it a classic, but it’s fun and playful looking as well. I’ve wanted a pair of saddle shoes for many years now, but I’ve never been able to track down any in my size. I wear a 5.5, and that size is difficult to find in styles I want. One day last year I decided to try my luck at finding some saddle shoes and wound up here -- When I saw they offered these in my size, I jumped at the chance to order, and I am very happy I did! They fit perfectly, are incredibly comfortable, and I didn’t have to break them in at all. I’ve received many compliments on them, as well. If you’re looking for a durable and comfortable pair of saddle shoes, I highly recommend these.
Got these for a 50s costume party. They were comfortable enough for dancing without any break-in time. They are true to size, assuming they'll be worn with bobby socks. 

I bought these "saddle shoes" for my daughter to wear to her first school dance (it was 50s themed). She wears a wide, and these were the only saddle shoe I found that was available in varying widths. She not only danced for three hours in them without complaint, but she's worn them several times since. The sole is not as flexible as the tennis shoe styles that are modeled after the saddle shoe, nor are they hard like the vintage shoe (that probably would have slid better for dancing). Still, overall, it was a winner for my daughter and ran true to size and width.
