inov-8 F-Lite™ 230
True to size for me. Really comfortable for Crossfit and daily wear, while many other shoes (like traditional running shoes) make my feet sore after a while.  Light, flexible, and grippy. 
Shoe looked great and was light and flexible, but much too narrow for my feet. I even got a size larger, and even though the length was a little large, I still felt a lot of pressure on my pinky toe. Think this would be a good show for narrower and flatter feet, but hurt to wear for me.
I LOVE THESE SHOES. I purchased these for CrossFit after spending a ridiculous amount of time researching between these and the 195s, Reebok CrossFit Nano 2.0, and New Balance WX20. I chose the Innov8 230s for several reasons: I have a very narrow foot, the 230s have just a hair more heel-to-toe drop than the 195s, which I thought I would prefer, and they seemed to have the best reviews all around. I made the right choice. I just got them and have only worn them to CrossFit twice but I can already tell a difference. They are much lighter than the Nike and Saucony shoes I had been wearing and the flat bottom gives me much more stability during squats. I sprinted 1,000m in on shot wearing them today and they felt great too. I was afraid of them not having enough cushion but I haven't missed it. As far as size goes, I'm between an 8.5 and 9. I took everyone's advice and ordered an 8 (UK 5.5). They were too small and I had to return them. If you are like me and in-between sizes I recommend just ordering the smaller size you wear, not going down an whole size. If you have narrow feet like I do you will love that these shoes are nice and snug! If you have wide feet these are probably not the shoes for you.
The shoes shipped extremely quickly, and were exactly what I ordered.  I had to order them a full size smaller than my normal shoe size.  They are very comfortable and snug nicely around the entire foot.  For people not used to these types of shoes, I recommend walking around in them for a few days prior to setting off on a run. 
Best Crossfit shoe ever.  They're light so jumping is good.  They're flat, so lifting is good.  They're comfy, so running is good.  I have both the 195s and the 230s.  I think the 230s feel better on longer runs because of a thicker sole and heel.  Buy a half size smaller.
These are great cross fit shoes. The size is true. I initially took another user's advice and ordered half a size smaller. That was a mistake!
Order a half size smaller than normal shoes. Right out of the box super comfortable, required no break-in time. Get compliments on them regularly.
These shoes are great and very comfortable. I have low volume, narrow feet and these fit better than just about anything else that I have ever owned! Note that as others have mentioned, they run long. I normally take a 12½-13 and I initially ordered these in size 12. I had to send them back and get size 11½, which fit perfectly!
I bought these sneakers because they had been reviewed highly by Crossfitters and others who do some weight lifting and wanted a shoe with a thin, non-compressible sole. This sneaker definitely fits the bill for a super minimalist gym shoe and although I don't run, it feels like a great running shoe for those who are into the minimalist approach. The toe box is somewhat small and that's my biggest complaint. The whole side of my big toe touches the inside of the sneaker at all times, and my pinkie toe makes contact as well. I probably could have tried for a slightly larger size, but they are wearing in nicely and haven't caused any real discomfort, it's just a different feeling than I'm used to. These sneakers are so light and the mesh toe allows so much air flow, it's almost like you're not wearing them. When you go outside and take the first step, you can feel the outside air flow right in onto your foot, it's really nice. The manufacturing quality is very high; the laces are thick and robust and all of the seams are precise and strong. I've only had them for a few weeks but no problems yet.
