Spira Stinger XLT
Shoes run wide, a half size small, very thin tongue. The ride is very cushioned. Bought shoes for my long runs due to the spring technology, but due to fit and comfort, will only be using these for my 5-6 milers and recovery runs.
I am impressed by the cushioning and the springy feel. I was wearing size 11.5 with the stinger racing and fits like a glove but this XLT is narrow on the width and longer on toe and heel area. It's definitely harder to run downhill if these extra spaces. I would suggest getting it half your size for snug fit unless your want it the other way.
Too bad I ordered half a size bigger and can't return it because I used before I realized its not comfy running half a size longer.
I really wish these would have worked. For my foot issue, I need a shoe that is not so flexible. Rats. For someone else, it would probably be a plus. They are incredibly light. They did fit well, getting a half size larger than normal. They just don't have the support I need in the arch and toe areas.
These are the best shoes I have ever worn. I have 3 damaged disks from a car accident. Because of these shoes I can easily walk my dog 3-4 times further with no lower back pain. My only negative is that they're the only shoes I want to wear, so my personal dress code has been taken down a notch to only athletic wear... Would love this technology in a casual and/or dress shoe. I also think they run 1/2 size short. I'm a B/C width and I thought they were perfect.
I have spent the past year looking for the perfect shoe for zumba. I finally found it. I have been having pain for a long time as I do a lot of high impact instructing. These took my pain from unbearable to non-existent! I probably could have ordered a half size up. Arch support is fabulous, I'm able to jump easily, I don't have problems with lateral movements, and I have no pain. These shoes are a dream, and I immediately ordered a pair for running. Great for anyone with foot, knee, or back problems, or for the person who is hard on shoes! Didn't even need orthotics either!
