Timberland PRO Gladstone ESD Steel Toe
These are comfy shoes though I'll have to see how they work out at work.  I did read the previous reviews and it's very true - these shoes run big.  I ordered a half size smaller and it still feels a little on the loose side (even though it is sized correctly). Very flexible shoe - this won't require a break in at all.
Nice shoe, sized big so order 1/2 to 1 size smaller. Customer Service was incredibly helpful, best I've ever dealt with!
These seem to run a little large. For safety shoes I usually order one size up I didn't here an they fit perfectly. The only problem with these shoes is they are so extremely comfortable I sometimes forget to take them off and wear them home from work. Seriously, these may be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn - no lie. These are the only safety shoes I'll ever purchase again.
Pretty comfortable, the size 12 is a little big, but with steel toe shoes the shoe typically runs a little bigger. Because the brown color designation can vary, depending on how Timberland treats the leather, I got the darker leather which I like a little better than the lighter color.
Like the other reviews said, the shoe is definitely larger than marked by at least half a size (I purchased the size 13) but the width is right and otherwise are great. I work in an office & only need them when I go out to the shop floor and really like that they are quick and easy to slip on and off, comfortable, well made and I am happy with the purchase.
Good shoe. Especially for those who have to go between the office and the jobsite for work. However, recommend people buy a half size smaller. Timberland probably upsized it for thick work socks which most people won't be wearing with this style. 
I was very disappointed with the fit of this shoe. I own a pair of Timberland PROs - same size as purchased. However, the new shoe fits with a 1" gap between my heel and the back of the shoe. The sole was very comfortable.
Good shoe, very comfortable but the sizes run big. I ordered a full size smaller.
