La Sportiva Wildcat
The soles are great and grippy on wet and slick surfaces without being so aggressive that walking on normal household surfaces becomes annoying or dangerous. The construction appeared to be high quality. They, like many running shoes, run small, so order a 1/2 or full size larger. Unfortunately, I had to return them because the area behind the ankle is tallish and quite stiff and it dug uncomfortably into my ankle area. I gave them a week around the house, wearing them several hours each day and it didn't seem to change.
I just spent a week doing a lot of walking in the Wildcats while birding on mostly level non-technical type surfaces. They were perhaps the most comfortable shoes I have worn and required no breaking in. I have done no running in them and really did not get them for that purpose. The only negative I have is that they were very slippery when worn on wet surfaces, particularly blacktops. I did not walk on any wet rocky surfaces, so can't speak for that. I suspect the problem may be a combination of tread type and pattern. Sizing - I had to get a half size larger to get the proper fit.
Great shoe! I do have to say that it took about a week of "breaking in", before my feet actually got adjusted (had some ankle pain). Since then, I have been very happy. Will go for another pair soon. Word to the wise on sizes: I wear a European 43, thought that (since these are sized and made in Europe) this would pretty much be an accurate shoe size. Got one larger (44) and have to say, that I would have been a bit more comfortable with a 44.5 or 45.
Great shoe. I have been a Vasque fan for years, but this shoe is tremendous. It simply felt like they got it exactly right for a trail shoe. Admittedly I would like to see a Gore-Tex version, but aside from that, it fits like a glove and has exceptional traction. The international size is a bit tricky, so getting the size right is important, but strongly recommend this shoe.
I am 5' 11" and 175 pounds with normal arch and have put about 150 miles on the Wildcats so far. Shoe works well in a variety of terrain, such as hard pack fire road, steep dusty single track and grass. Just ran a 20 mile half street, half trail long run on Sunday which had 3500 feet elevation gain/loss and my feet feel great! Also did 18 mile street only run recently with no issues. They have good grip on both uphill and downhill. Fit of shoe is snug without being tight with a good balance of cushioning and stability. I usually wear a 9.5; I got these in size 10 and they fit perfect. Hope this review helps!
