Scarpa Mojito Lady
Great, comfortable shoe right out of the box. As others suggested, I ordered 1/2 size smaller and they fit perfectly. (I usually wear a 10 in sneakers and boots, 9-1/2 in other shoes. Ordered 9-1/2 in these and they fit.) Good support, no rub around ankle collar or heel. I love the different look, too, and the red color! Chose between these and Keens - these are much more stylish! Good for light hiking, stable footbed support. Wore them without breaking in on a two-week vacation with walking and trail hiking. Highly recommend!
I quickly tried these shoes on as I saw them last minute on a shopping trip and ran out of time. The 39s fitted OK but looking online I wonder now if they were man's (they were on sale). I wear size 39 Keens Mary Jane type shoes without socks. Any advice on ladies size as I really want a pair but can't find them online in Australia. My foot length is about 25cms or 9.8 inches. I don't have a thin foot. Any advice most welcome. Also do they give a bit after wear as my keens have. Thanks. Jen
Whew! I am so glad I got this shoe! I'm normally an 11.5 -- impossible to find. So I seek out the reviews where everyone needed to order a half-size down, and so these are perfect in length. I love how the laces make the entire shoe adjustable, and the foot bed is just right. I can't wait to try them on some trails this summer. There isn't much padding under the ball of the foot and I'd guess that so you can have more grip and control on rocks and uneven surfaces. It's padded where it needs to be, though. No tight spots -- shoes fit right out of the box. No need for break-in time. I'm officially giving up on Keens.
I absolutely love these shoes! They are comfortable out of the box, sturdy, durable, eye-catching. I did have to exchange my original order for half a size smaller. The parrot color is not quite as red as I expected, but it is still a great color. They are great as urban shoes and awesome on trails that do not necessitate full on hiking boots.
