Tsukihoshi Kids Speed (Youth)
Love these shoes! My son should be the nationwide tester (or should I say destroyer of shoes. He loved how lightweight they are so that he can go warp-speed. He wore them to shreds (proudly) but it did take almost a year to accomplish this feat. They wash well also. Wish they made it in larger sizes.
These shoes are awesome. I was looking for a velcro shoe that offered support for sports. This is it. My 8 year old loves them. They do run a little wide and have a roomy toe box. I ordered 1/2 size down and they are perfect.
I've been purchasing Tsukihoshi shoes for my 4 kids for 6+ years. All of my kids have super wide feet and it's either Tsukihoshi, Stride Rite in XW sizes, or Crocs. Tsukihoshi are much more lightweight than Stride Rite and also are much cuter. We love the variety of styles and colors to choose from. These shoes do seem to wear out at the toe first but that could be a function of daily wear by pre-schoolers vs a design flaw or lack of quality. The flexible sole and light weight is important for me because I don't think kids should have shoes that get in their way. I also feel like these shoes provide great support to their developing feet. The fact that they're machine washable is key for kids- especially boys! I think the higher price is OK to pay for the quality of this shoe. My first choice in children's footwear for wide feet is always Tsukihoshi!
We're on pair number 5 for my 6-year-old. They are his favorite because they are comfortable for his wide foot, easy for him to get on, and they look cool. I wish he'd branch out and try a different color, but always the navy/white. They are wide and run about a half size larger than other brands. I love that they are washable. The only downside is the sole wears out quicker than other brands (it's extremely lightweight but not as durable), and the toe area can crack after a lot of use, but that's from a boy who wears them every day and is extremely hard on shoes.
Hey, these have inserts in them already is what my son said when he first put on these shoes. He wears inserts to help keep his ankles straight, but he doesn't need them when we wear this brand. They are supportive for all growing feet. And they are true to size enough that I can order online without feeling he should try them on first.
We have liked this brand in the past, but the sizes run much larger. My boys are nit yet wearing the pairs that I ordered because they are too big.
Great color and again with this brand being very lightweight. My son likes the look of a tie but hates actually tying his shoes so this meets both. Have purchased other shoes in this brand and have always been happy with quality (they can take a beating). True to size.
Great shoe! My 9 year old daughter wears them not only for Girls on the Run, but everyday for school. They fit true to size, are comfortable and hold up well. Colors are cute too! When she outgrew her size 13, we just ordered the same shoe size 13.5.
This is a great sneaker! I purchased it for my 7 year old daughter in a 3.5 (true to size). Very comfortable and easy for her to get on and off with the Velcro closure (she has autism and fine motor issues so laces are a problem for her). The silver/pink color is adorable. Highly recommend this shoe.

My daughter loves all things purple so we ordered a variety of different gym shoes to try on. She is in 1st grade and loves these for two reasons. 1. the stylish laces makes her think they are "big kid" shoes (although they actually close with 1 velcro strap) and 2. these shoes are really light weight! I held them up in comparison with my son's prek tennis shoes - these are light as a feather! I can tell they are very comfortable! They seem to fit true to size.
Everyone says this shoe runs big, I didn't find that at all. My daughter wears orthotics and with the orthotic in, the size 3 did not fit, but it did fit in the Stride Rite pair we ordered. It did run wide, though.
My daughter wore this shoe until she grew out of it after 4 months. No problem w/foot odor(it has been a big issue with other brands). She has not worn this shoe out yet.
This shoe was true to size although other reviewers stated that it was larger than stated. This shoe was a great find for my 7 y/o daughter .
Nice shoe.  My daughter has been wearing this shoe for at least a month now and it seems to be doing well.  Love the silver and pink, color matches the picture well.  And true to size.  
My daughter loves any thing pink, so these were ment for her. You must size down one whole size we had to return the first pair. There has been no complaints of her feet hurting at all. They are very light weight, easy on and off with the velcro closure. Price was alittle high,but no complaints makes it worth it. 
Love, love, love these shoes! Very cute and different. But, also very lightweight and washable! Went down a size from normal and fits perfectly.
My daughter loves these shoes.  They are very light and comfortable.  As the website suggests these run  half size bigger.  Her size is 3 and we got 2.5, and they fit her comfortably.
My daughter loves these sneakers. She thinks they are very comfortable, and flexible. She has a pencil thin foot, but is still able to wear them. They are definitely cut for a wider foot, but you can pull the velcro tighter across the arch to make them snugger. I think they are true to size, she measures a size 13-13.5 and the 13 fit her fine in the length. 
A fantastic pair of sneakers.  Well worth the money.  Easy on\/off.  Very roomy.  Love the half size option (not available in most kids shoes).  Love the fact that they are machine washable.  Wish they came in a few more color choices.  
