Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Slip
I bought them in black in my normal size 7, and wear them barefoot with shorts. They are a little loose, but I like them. They don't fall off and I know I can wear them with socks if I want to in the winter with jeans. I am very happy with them, and will likely buy them in more colors.
These shoes rule! So easy to get on and off when I have to rush out the door with the kids. I can (and do) wear them with pants or skirts and the fit true to size.
After reading the reviews, I ordered these a full size smaller than I normally wear.  They fit well without socks, although they might be a bit tight with socks.  Otherwise, awesome shoes!  Love the color and they seem to be well made.
Love them... Comfortable. I have a size 10 foot and wished that I had more color choices available. I got the navy blue.
Exactly as they were pictured, described. Be aware Converse sizes are on their own scale...but once you find your size, they are good.
Watch the sizes on these.  They do not run true to size.  Go down a size from what you normally wear.  
Can't go wrong with Chucks! Classic, timeless, in style, everyone loves them. They do run big though. I could probably go down a full size but I'm a 6 and always order 5.5. They are very flat so sometimes I'll need to wear a thicker sock for more support.
I wear a women's size 8.5 normally, but ordered a 7.5 after reading some other reviews, and the shoes fit great with socks on. My one complaint is that I have no arch and very flat, thin feet, and if you don't fill out the top of the shoe to stretch out the elastic hidden under the tongue, the tongue will be all wrinkled and won't lay flat. It looks a little silly, especially since its not covered by laces. I think I will purchase some thick gel insoles to try and fill them out a little better.
I had read the reviews and ordered 1 size smaller than I usually wear. Got a 7 instead of my usual 8. Just right. Very comfy for hitting flea markets and walking all day. I've got to have comfortable shoes!
Love these shoes!  I normally wear a half size bigger in Converse, but I needed to exchange these for a half size down.
Make sure to order in the smaller size as indicated in the product description and you will have a fine-fitting shoe.
Can't go wrong with these.  Great sneaker for running out the door!  That being said go with the other reviews and size down 1 whole size. Thanks to the other posts mine fit perfect on the 1st try.
I love these. They're very cute and I get compliments on them everywhere. I did have to order a full size smaller than I normally wear. 
What's not to love about these great old school Cons. No laces are super stylish. Felt bigger than my normal size 8's, had to go with the 7.5 in these.
Love these cute shoes! Fit big so I suggest ordering half a size smaller! I've noticed all Converse seem to run bigger and wider than most shoes which has been awesome for us because we have a toddler boy with very wide little feet and it's hard to find shoes for him.
Great pair of summer kicks. Sizing is way off though. I wear a size 12 in all other sneakers, in these Chuck's a 10.5. 
I love the look of these shoes, but since they have no laces and can't be tightened or loosened to get the perfect fit, I was unable to wear them. I ordered three different sizes and none felt right - they were either falling off my feet, or pinching enough to give blisters. It's a shame, but I think I'll stick with the original Converse!
