Privo by Clarks Polar Snow
I was so disappointed that I couldn't find a size to fit me. I had the previous version of this shoe in a 9 for years and loved it. I wore it without a sock, and it was comfortable for walking around town or working out in the gym. The new 9 was too small, so I exchanged for the 9.5. This one fit when I stood still, but rubbed a bit on the heel when I walked. I put on a thin footie, which allowed my foot to move without irritation, but eventually the shoe pulled the sock in. Had to return them.
I have a size 9 in another Privo style, but the size 9 in the Polar Snow was too small.  You will need to order at least a half size larger.
Just a warning, these run very narrow! I do not have a particularly wide foot but sometimes I can be picky about room in the toe box. These run very narrow and are tight across my big toe joint. Others are saying order 1/2 size larger but so far that has not helped me. I need a wide, in my normal size. Alas, they are out of the color I want so I will need to keep searching... I do have another pair of Privos but those are my normal size no problem. I don't know what it is about this style.
So far I have tried these in a 7½ (way too small), an 8 (tight across the ball of my foot) and an 8½. Still too tight. Now I am waiting for them to be available in a wide. I normally wear a medium but these are just too narrow for some reason. I have another pair of Privos in a winter style that are terrific. However they do not go with shorts so I was trying to get these for summer vacations and sightseeing. They are far more streamlined than most walking shoes and will be far easier to pack. If I can ever get them in my size!
I love these shoes! I originally bought a size 10, having second thoughts about the remarks others made about these running small. Still, when you wear a size 10, there is no option to order a half size up. When I received them they were really small, so small that I was willing to bet that an 11 just might not be too big. I was right. And because of the configuration of the shoe, they do not look like size 11 battleships. They are comfortable and good looking. What more could one ask?
I had an older version of these shoes that needed replacing. The size 10 was a full size too small (had previously had a 10 and am almost always a 10) so I ordered an 11. They fit in length, but the shoe is much stiffer and the area around the ankle is much higher than my previous ones. I could tell the stiff edges were going to rub my ankle bones so I sent back. The style alterations over the years also made them look a little more stodgy than before, so that's why I didn't just order some inserts that would make my foot rest higher.
I bought a pair of these last year and I loved them. Unfortunately, so did my pup! This year, I thought I was purchasing the same shoes, but the fit is not the same; I tried two sizes; I returned the 8½ and wore the 8 for a couple days which was too many to be able to return them. They are cute and comfortable if you can find the right fit!
I've been wearing Privo for a long time and have always been happy with the comfort and instant fit of my size.  The Polar Snow however, is way too small.  Big disappointment.
These are cute and serve as a nicer alternative to running sneakers, but they run small. I usually wear an 8.5 or a 9. I got a different pair of Privos in an 8.5 and had to return them. I thought going up a half size would be enough, but these are still a bit tight. I'm hoping they'll loosen as I wear them, because I want to love them. Comfy shoes that aren't comfortable, though, are not very useful.
I love this shoe and want to order another pair I need to see more size 13 womans shoes especially Privos!
Nice looking but I ordered my normal size 8 after reading reviews and it is much too small and narrow. Had to be returned and they didn't have a bigger size.
I have an older pair of these shoes and love them. They are size 8 and fit me great. I ordered these in an 8 and they were significantly smaller.
Comfortable and lightweight. I ordered what must have been the last 11 narrow pair, as size 10 1/2 was not available, but it's not much longer than the 10 narrow of the Clarks Polar Bungee Slip-on and is a much better fit for my narrow, flat feet. I wouldn't pound the pavement in these, but they should be fine on an elliptical and are easier to pack than running shoes.
I have a very small foot, size 6, but require wide width in the toes. This usually results in me only being able to find comfort in a sneaker or orthotic-looking shoe that has to be laced up. This shoe has great cushion in toe and heel with pretty good arch support. Like the feel and comfort of an athletic shoe with a less traditional athletic shoe look. I wear these when I have a long day of shopping ahead of me but don't want to be stuck wearing an ugly comfort shoe so my feet will last through the day.
