PUMA Osu NM
Shoes are light weight and comfortable. Got these just to do one of the 60 day programs. Order half a size larger. Really enjoy them though, especially with all of the jumping.
I have been wearing no laced Puma's for about 8 years. And this one does not disappoint! Well...not too much. All my Puma's run a half size too small, but this one seems a bit narrow, but maybe it's just me. I love the color combo of the orange and grey, they work very well together, in my opinion. Petty comfy shoe, in my opinion.
Puma is one of the main brands I buy because they tend to fit well.  This shoe did not fit like my other puma's.  It runs much smaller and more narrow.  It's hard to tell if it would even fit right if I went up a size.  

Cool looking item though.  Hopefully it works out better for you. 
Very comfortable shoe! I wanted a cool looking shoe for my weekend "urban trekking", and these fit the bill perfectly. Color is a little more grey in person than in the pictures and do buy a size larger than normal. I went up a size and they fit great. I would recommend these.
Very comfortable. Feel almost like slippers. Will take a couple of days to break in though, I think most Pumas are like this. Also order a half size larger than you normally do. 
These shoes look awesome. Sizing is accurate for PUMA. If you've worn their shoes before, then the size should be the same. Overall, great shoe.
Shoes are awesome! A little tight though make sure you order 1/2 size bigger. Shipping was extremely fast.
Love these shoes. They are unique and very comfortable. Make sure you order a full size up, not a half.
What an awesome shoe! Very light weight, breathable,  easy to slip on, very nicely constructed. The size is slightly narrow, and you will want to order them 1/2 to 1 size bigger than what you normally wear. I will be buying another pair in case they stop making them.
These shoes are super light, nice to walk around in, but that's it. Pretty tight though and I got a 1/2 size larger than normal. Most importantly don't get these for any serious exercise. Walking at best.
Shoes came quick. I also followed some other reviews advice and ordered one size larger. They fit perfectly!
Awesome shoe! All reviews saying order 1/2 size larger are accurate. Even though it was larger, the toe area was still a little tight; hopefully it stretches out a little. I purchased the Dark Grey and Orange colors and looks fantastic. Grey is slightly lighter than pictures in a good way (from my monitor). Feels good even after a full night out at Disneyland.
Really small for a 12, the width was so narrow my foot hurt 2 days from just 5 minutes around the house. They look great, flex well an there seems to be a cushion up front.. All nice, I'm hoping to try a size up when I get my refund!
This shoe is really a conversation starter. The colors and design are pretty unique, so I love them. The fit is great. Usually this type of shoe feels loose but the Osu feels great, about the same as a show with laces.

The sizing is about half size small, so ordered the next size up and it fit perfectly.

Not entirely sure what the shoe was meant for, but have done some light jogging and the cushion, while thin, felt great and it weighs next to nothing. Great shoe.
These are great shoes. I had to order the shoes half a size larger than my normal size for an appropriate fit.
Great shoe with a tight fit. I would for sure buy a half size larger just because they are so tight fitting. They look great and very different! For the better.
