ASICS GEL-Cumulus® 14
Great shoe! I have a wide foot with a very low arch (flat foot) and this is a great fit for me. Ordered a half size larger due to the swelling of feet during a run, and this is a perfect fit. 
Another great shoe from Asics! If you liked the Cumulus 13, you will like the 14 as well. I find it a bit more firm in cushioning but also a bit more stable. Memory foam around the heel feels great and locks your foot in place. Fits very true to size. All around a great shoe!
I have been wearing the Cumulus shoes for years. I had already purchased them, in the past, half a size bigger than my other Asics, so I was really surprised when I found these shoes to be too short and I had to go a whole size. The majority of my Asics are 7½. My Cumulus shoes have always been 8. But I got these shoes in an 8½. If these are the same shoes as previous Cumulus styles then I do not understand why they are running so short. I got these in the the dark grey/aqua. And as always, I am happy with them. Cumulus are my go-to shoes when I buy higher-end shoes. Except for the length, they feel like the same ole Cumulus: Great support, comfortable, nice color.
Great shoe with good support, but short! Have worn same size in Asics for years, but had to go up a size in these.
I have worn the Asics Gel-Cumulus for about five years now. I never stick to one thing like that, but these feel so good, I don't want to chance a change. I mainly walk and run in them about 5 miles 4 days/week. I have plantar fasciitis and am able to put my orthopedic inserts into them. I always buy 1/2 size larger than I regularly wear -- even without the inserts.
Incredibly fun, awesome color...I love the way they look! Asics are my go-to running shoe. The Gel-Cumulus provide reliable comfort and support for feet that cannot have too much structure in a shoe. I wear size 7 in high heels, size 7.5 in flats, and size 8 in running shoes.
My 13's had reached their last mile and being a Cumulus-lover, I simply ordered the 14's. I've always worn Cumulus for running and have never had issues. The toe box on these are extremely narrow and cause my toes to rub. I wore them for a simple 5k race and by the time I was done, 2 of my toes were bruised from rubbing and hitting the top of the shoes. I already order a 1/2 size larger when buying my running shoes and have never had issues with Asics. So just a heads up...the 14's are different than the 13's.
I have high arches, medium to slightly wide feet, and only a mild to moderate running habit. That said, I am very picky about shoes, and after owning 2 pairs of Asics Gel Cumulus (most recently the 11s), I thought I had found my perfect fit. The Asics Gel Cumulus 14s are forcing me back into traffic to the shoe store. First, the cushioning and arch support I have come to enjoy are almost completely missing. It was like the insoles were made of oddly-configured cardboard. Second, the mediums are noticeably narrower than they used to be. And finally, on my slightly-bigger left foot, the size 8 shoe (the only size I've worn in any type of shoe for the past 23 years) tried to squeeze my big toe into unconsciousness. Oh well, back to the drawing board.
I've always worn a 7 1/2 in Asics running shoes. But when I put these on it was instantly clear these shoes were way too small! My toe was up against the end of the shoe. Checked the size inside each shoe, and it says they are a 7 1/2. I have no choice but to return them.
These run really small.  I usually wear a 6.5 D, and these were way too small in the 7D.  I like the color, and hope a larger size will fit.  
