Ryka Devotion
Very comfortable and cute tennie! But definitely order 1 half size up. I'm a true 7.5 and I needed an 8 in this. 
I've worn Rykas one and off for years for Jazzercise, which has a lot of lateral moves, as well as front and back moves, skipping, lunges etc. I often found Rykas to be lightweight but lacking in cushioning. Not so with these. I love them. I wore them to class right out of the box and highly recommend them for any type of aerobic/dance workout. As for size, I  wear a 4.5-5 in regular shoes, and a 5.5 in athletics shoes, but with Rykas I always need a 6.
These are spectacularly comfortable shoes or are if like me you have wide toes and narrow heels! In which case you don't have to order a size larger than what you usually wear (though I occasionally do take a half size smaller than what I bought these in.) Plus they're good looking. But comfort is the main reason I love them; wearing them is like walking on air!
I typically go up a full size in an athletic shoe because I replace the insert with my orthotic. After reading the reviews, I decided to stick with that practice. I am a 9 in regular shoes, so ordered the 10. I tried the 9.5 but didn't have that thumb's width that is recommended for most athletic shoes. The shoe rocks! I felt like I was jumping on clouds. If I wasn't a pronator, and didn't have knee issues I wouldn't insert my orthotic. However, for those who don't need them, this style has great arch support.
These shoes are awesome. I bought them just before a vacation that I knew would involve lots of walking, including a couple of days at Disney World. They feel super cushy, never rubbed me the wrong way, and are very flexible. I had read that these ran a bit small, so I ordered an 8 and an 8.5 (I usually wear a 7.5-8). The 8s felt great so I would say they run true to size.
I tried these on to get size perspective for the brand and couldn't take them off. I highly recommend this shoe to anyone with arthritic or orthopedic problems with their lower body. Ryka claims the foam layer of the platform is to give your legs a challenge, but I found it incredibly therapeutic for my bad hips and back. Most wonderful is how it cushions the ball of my foot, which relieves pressure on nerves in my foot. I can actually walk on hard, un-resilient surfaces like concrete floors, without pain. I normally don't do well with shoes with this type of toe box, but it was nice and roomy so that my toes felt free to breathe. I felt comfortable in a 1/2 smaller, but went with my normal size and don't regret. I would like a leather upper, but the mesh is probably part of the reason the shoe is so flexible and comfortable.
I have always enjoyed Ryka  sneakers but need to remember that they run about a half size smaller than other brands.
These run SMALL! They are super comfy and cute, though. Just make sure you order the same size as running shoes (a good half size larger than normal). Usually Ryka runs true to size, but not this time.

Had to return, way too short and tight in size 9.5. Have another style of Ryka and love them, true fit and great arch support, these just didn't work for me. However, I would highly recommend the brand.
