Timberland PRO TiTAN® Slip-On Safety Toe
I received them with a mark on the toe. I'm sending them back, but I tried them on, and walked around the house. After reading how they run large I ordered a half size smaller, but they feel tight. So even without the flaw I'd return for the next size up. Not a bad looking shoe, but the leather must be easily damaged if they shipped this way. I like how they simply slip on, though. Great if you're in and out of safety toes all day (i.e. office-factory-office).
The look and quality of the shoe seems fine. I was not impressed with the fit. I have tried 3 pair now and each has been a poor fit. The steel toe did not seem to be sized with the EE size making it very uncomfortable.
I found your selection of shoes for my size of feet to be excellent compared to what I have locally. I enjoy your comments regarding where the shipment is. My only concerns are that the boots are not CSA approved. Also an invoice of the price of the shoes should be included in the shipment so one can prove a purchase price to Canada Customs as it is greater for off shore items opposed to North American made products. I lucked out as they were on shift change and did not ask too many questions. Will I shop with you again...Oh Yeah! The money I save in gas driving to a big town to find out they do not have what fits me is worth it. Looking at your following questions I find them hard to answer because I wear orthotics that that require me to wear shoes larger then what I need. If I do not answer all your questions, I will tell you know that I am 9 out of 10 satisfied.
Fantastic shoes. Good amount of toe room and great style. The size felt true to me, my 13s fit like any 13s I'd have tried on at a shoe store.
The shoes feel true to size albeit somewhat loose. Switching to a thicker insole fixed the problem. Style is nice enough that they can be worn in professional environments. Excellent for when you have to be switching back and forth between the office and out in the shop all day. Scratches in the leather do show rather easily, though.
Extremely comfortable for being on your feet all day, working in a dirty, dusty environment, but also don't look too casual. Great shoe, true to size.
