Tsukihoshi Kids Baby Speed (Infant/Toddler)
I got size 6 when my baby was 18 months old, chubby Fred Flintstone feet! He tried on at least six pairs that night, but when he got to these, he just started running around the house! And he had not been running prior really. That is how much he liked them. Now six months later, he is ready for a bigger shoe and he said he wants the same one. They are easy on and off. His dad has similar colored shoes by Adidas, but that is not why the kid loves them. I think some other brands were over rated. The Tsukihoshis felt way more ergo and well constructed than most other popular brands!
These shoes are perfect for an active kid. They are light, durable, machine washable, and good looking. The whole Tzukinoshi line is excellent, although some of the color combinations can be a little bit wild for my taste. I would say, the shoes fit true to size, just slightly wider than other brands, but that does not reflect negatively on the comfort level of the shoe.
I just purchased these for my 13 month old - they are positively adorable on her little feet. I purchased a size 5 because she measures between a 4.5 - 5 - I must say they fit true to size. I almost contemplated exchanging for a 1/2 size up for longevity; however, I feel confident enough that she has enough space to allow comfort and growth. As soon as I put them on her feet and saw how she continued to play and run with no hesitancy - I knew I'd be ordering other shoes from this manufacturer!
PERFECTION.  My daughter's do not grow very fast, and these have held up in almost every day wear for 6 months.  We could probably go longer if she didn't need to size up.  They are extremely light weight and very easy to machine wash/dry.  I did a direct comparison of weight to New Balance, and these were considerably lighter.
These are great shoes. I bought the brand upon a friend's recommendation; she was excited that they are machine washable. My 2.5 year old daughter is just starting to run a lot, and these are holding up great so far; it's been 1 month, and they still look new. She can easily put them on and take them off, and she loves purple, so they were a hit right away. They are very lightweight. The recommendation said these shoes run small so get these a half size up, but they seem true to size in my opinion.
