ASICS GEL-Tech Walker Neo™ 2 W
I wear 8C street shoes, but 9B in Asics athletic shoes. I have a neutral gait, maybe I am somewhat of an underpronator. The 9B in these shoes fit true to size. The forefoot is ample and wide. The sides have that plastic, which makes them very stable. They feel light when I walk, and I am barely aware of them, which is good. They have a good color scheme and the attractive design of the plastic parts. They provide adequate arch support. There is a Serious lack of cushioning in these shoes, especially under ball of the foot. Even the insert is a hard plank thing. Even though they were fine when I was walking, when I got back, all I could think of was "boy, my dogs hurt!" Totally opposite of when I walked in my old Asics Nimbus, which have lots of cushioning. I could use a bit more arch support. Also, although the forefoot is wide, the toe area comes to a strange somewhat pointy shape, crowding my toes. I cannot imagine spending the day in these shoes. They are just not comfortable enough. I was trying to save money from buying the expensive Nimbus, but I will probably end up buying the Nimbus again, anyway. A lot of people seem to like these shoes, but I guess I just need more cushioning. I am also probably used to the more ample cushioning in running shoes. I am hoping that they will be better after they break in and I switch out the hard insert for a cushioned one.
I bought these shoes because the Asics website said it has a bunion window. I have a bunion. I find the shoe very comfortable in that regard. I remove the insole and wear my own custom orthotics and there is plenty of room. I usually wear New Balance with their SL2 last for the bunion, but the NB are heavy, only solid white, and clunky looking in my size 11. I wanted something lightweight for summer with a hint of color. I am on my feet at work and these have been fine for the month that I've had them. I do have the problem one other person mentioned - a squeak in the left shoe.
Very comfortable walking shoe right out of the box with good support. True to size. Love them!
This shoe is true to size. It provides good support and is lightweight and comfortable.  Great for walking.
I love these shoes! I am considering ordering another pair to keep for when my current pair wears out. I walk three miles a day, and have had trouble with plantar fascia in the past, so I always try to be ultra careful with my feet. I used to run/walk, so I always wore running shoes, but I have switched to just brisk walking due to the plantar fascia. I went to the running store and the saleswoman tried to convince me that running shoes were just fine for walking. I tried on six pairs and didn't like any of them -- one was okay, but it cost $140, which was $40 more than I wanted to spend. I was VERY hesitant to order shoes online because I had tried so many I didn't like, but as soon as these arrived I fell in love with them. They were ultra comfortable right out of the box, with plenty of cushioning and arch support. Walking in these is a very comfortable experience and they are SO much better for walking than the running shoes because they are softer and have more flexibility. I love, love, love them. Best athletic shoes I have ever owned. I went by the size chart to decide on a size and ended up ordering the 10 and a 1/2 even though I usually wear a 9 and 1/2 to 10 in regular shoes. (For some reason, running/walking shoes seem to run small.)
The Asics Gel-Tech Walker Neo provides excellent arch support and heel cushioning during my daily 4-mile walks. There is plenty of room in the toe box for my medium-width feet, and there's no heel slippage while walking. This style also seems less "clunky-looking" than other brands of supportive walking shoes. I have been wearing Asics Gel-Tech walking shoes for years, ordering a new pair every six months, and have always been happy with their comfortable fit. My shoe size ranges from a 10 to 11, but I wear thicker socks with these, and the size 11 fits perfectly. The only negative is that the mesh on top of the toe box gets dirty fairly quickly, but the meshed area does help keep your feet well-ventilated during your workout.
Love the shoe but it runs a 1/2 size smaller than its predecessor model (the Neo). Really, I had an unworn, in the box, Neo to compare and there's no question: The size 9 Neo is bigger than the size 9 Neo 2. Had to return for an exchange. Why the heck would Asics do this? All that being said, these are great walking shoes. I walk 20-30 miles/week. Just hoping that the Neo 2's treat my feet as well in 1/2 Marathons as did the Neos.
I was so excited to receive these shoes and so disappointed once I did. They ran small and way too small and way to tight. I bought my usual size but they didn't work. Not at all what I was hoping for.
