New Balance Classics WL101
My tall 10-year old daughter is at that awkward stage between a child's & a woman's shoe size. We ordered a size 7 & was too small, but reordered & received the 7.5 almost overnight! She loves these casual, comfortable everyday shoes that are slightly dressier than a sneaker & go with everything she wears to school.
This shoe is so cute and comfy! Just got them (really fast) and I know I'll wear them all the time. I'm a size 11 but they don't make my feet look huge, which is a major plus. And they're really light, which is why I wanted them as a regular walking shoe.
This shoe runs small. I had to exchange for a larger size.
This shoe feels like a slipper, with little support.  You can really feel the floor beneath you, which I find comfortable.  The insole comes out and they can be easily thrown in the washing machine.
Very nice shoe.  Stylish and comfortable too.  Felt a little smaller like 1/2 size .
I absolutely adore these shoes! I work front desk at a hotel, so I'm on my feet, standing for a least 8 hours a day. Since I started wearing these shoes my feet have stopped aching! I did have to get used to the elastic, it was a bit tight at first, and my feet do tend to slip out of them if I stand on my toes (the size smaller was way too small). Other than that they are cute, are great if you're going to punish your feet at work.
Great, lightweight, comfortable out of the box. They definitely run small!  They were perfect for backpacking in Europe, and look great both without socks or with little black socks. They make my size 10 feet look small :)
These shoes were a size too small. I'm normally an 11, but even without socks these were too small. Also, looking down on the design, it looks slightly askew. The overall quality of the shoe is not very high quality, feels flimsy/light.
I bought these to wear on my walks to work, and definitely are far better than what I was wearing before. I purchased my normal running shoe size, and they fit perfectly. First wear did cause blisters on my heels, but I think that's more so due to my narrow heels.
I was expecting more from a New Balance shoe. They felt cheap, not a lot of support or cushioning. They were about 1/2 size small (I wear 11s). These might have been okay for a $20 discount store shoe. I doubt they'd be too comfortable to walk very far in.
Cute shoe. And comfy too. But runs short. Probably best to order a half size larger.
This is a very cute shoe. The size just run small. I ordered 4 other shoes with the same exact size, they all fit perfect except for this shoe. Will order a size up.
These shoes did not fit my feet. My toes were crammed and yet I was close to walking out of them at the heels. I will not be able to go up a size since I was already ready to walk out of them. They are adorable shoes but not shaped right for my feet. I wear medium width but if the shoes tend to be narrow they will not work for me, which is the case here.
The shoes are definitely cute but seemed short in the toe. I'm going to order the next half-size up. Also the edges feel a little scratchy on my bare skin- so if you have sensitive skin, you may need to wear a thin sock with it.
I been coveting the grey and orange for months, but I never saw it in my size so I finally ordered the black. Oh, wow, do I love the feel of these shoes everywhere except across the area above my big toe. I have a big toe knuckle bone that protrudes up (instead of out, like a bunion) and the top of the shoe runs directly across it. The seam has no give, so the feeling is too uncomfortable for me to consider keeping these, which makes me so sad! If you've got a true bunion, I don't think it would be a problem because the bone would be inside the shoe instead of along the seam of the shoe. For those that want to know, these shoes are incredibly lightweight and flexible and yet somehow they still feel cushy. Another important thing to know is that the shoe doesn't have any arch support. This is definitely a minimalist shoe that I think most people would love. I wish so badly that it had worked for me!
Purchased a size 8.5, which is my typical size in walking shoes. Felt true to size length wise. Pros to this shoe: Super cute. I have never gotten so many compliments on footwear before. I purchased the dark gray/orange combo which may not be available anymore, but other color combinations look cute as well. They look like a cross between a trainer and a ballet slipper, so says at least three different commenting individuals. Also very lightweight (almost non existent) and the elastic band over top is wide enough it doesn't cause discomfort. Sole is removable if you want more support. Cons to this shoe: Wider than expected and therefore caused some wear-in blisters and rubs. Also has no arch support already built in if you are wanting that.
Shoe not true to size. I normally wear an 8 and it is too short in length. I will try the next size up.
Not as cute in person.  Light weight.  Definitely felt short by one whole size.  Sending them back.
These are soooo comfy.  Order at least 1/2 size up as they are really short in length.  I needed something super comfortable and easy to get on and off and these are perfect!
