Mizuno Wave® Rider™ 15
These are amazing. I am now an official Mizuno convert! Out of the box, I ran 4 miles, with no rubbing. And the purple really hides the dust I have been kicking up since I've taken them on some great trail runs. To go from Saucony to these, I would highly recommend. Great ventalation, but haven't had a chance to test them in wet conditions. Bought a half size larger as recommended by previous buyers and I have been happy with that decision. I have a pretty wide foot, but have not had a single issue and I have already put about 25-30 miles on them and thinking about getting a 2nd pair for race day!
As a note, buy a size larger than your actual shoe size. I normally wear 11, but with these I have to wear size 12. I have the Wave Rider 13 and just received these new 15s. From first look they look narrower in shape, the 13s for me are much more comfortable and fit better. For some reason in the 15s my left foot does not sit as nicely in the shoe as the right foot, but I think that's just a matter of pulling the laces tighter/breaking them in. The tongues are stiffer and less comfortable than the 13s, but I'm sure when they are broken in they will be much more comfortable. I find these shoes to be ugly in style, but I'm in for the comfort anyway. I'm slightly disappointed. I would have preferred to buy a new pair of 13s to these.
These are the first Mizuno's I have purchased and already love them.  I have narrow feet and these fit great.  I did have to get half a size larger than normal, though.  I have only had them for a few days but the first 10 miles have been great.
I love these shoes. They are bouncy and supportive but not too bulky. I was a fan of Sauconys for a long time until I discovered Mizunos and so far they have been great every time. I bought a whole size up from my normal size, so a 6 fits my size 5 foot.
I was sized for this shoe at a running store. I'm a neutral runner with no pronation or supination. I also don't require a lot of arch support. I was wearing Asics previously which had too much cushion/support and I wanted a more lightweight, less bulky shoe. I'm very happy with these and my shin splints/knee soreness has disappeared. Nothing against the Asics...I picked them based on color and unfortunately they weren't the right fit for my needs. There are a lot of fun color options with the Mizunos as well so I have one conservative pair and one very purple pair...which have received a lot of compliments.
Feels like it runs a half size smaller then it says. Returning for the next size up.
I love Mizuno shoes. I've been running with this brand for years. I always buy a full size larger than my traditional shoe size.
I love these running shoes!! I usually wear a size 10, but heard they run a little small and a 10.5 was perfect! My feet are comfortable when I run and not squished or sliding around. The cushioning in them is perfect for me because they are not too heavy and still feel light when I'm running. Good buy! You'll be pleased with them!
I was so excited to replace my new balance with these. I ordered the exact same shoe size I have been running in for 15 years 8AA. The shoes run really small! I didn't realize it until I ran and it bruised my toe nails! I compared them to my old running shoes and they were half an inch shorter! If you are going to order these.. get a size or 2 bigger than your normal running shoe size. I usually wear a 7, but would need a 9 in these not an 8! Now I have to go buy another pair!
these are the best shoes that I have ever run in! I went and ordered a second pair. They provide perfect cushion comfort and weight. It feels like running in a cloud. I always order a whole size up in my running shoes.
