Salomon XA Pro 3D Ultra
As recommended I bought a half size smaller and I love these so far. I'm going to wear them in the house tonight just to make sure they are still lovable in a couple of hours. Easy to tie, easy to remove, lightweight, fits narrow pronating foot, and attractive as well.
These are the most comfortable "tennis" shoes I have ever worn! Love the zip laces! I have another pair of Salomons that I bought about 3 years ago and it was time to replace them. But this new pair seemed to run a lot larger. I usually wear a size 9 1/2, but ordered a 9 since other reviews said they run large. But I found that this pair ran even larger, so I probably should have had an 8. I wish they came in half sizes. Nevertheless, I love the comfort.
I purchased this shoe in swamp/dark clay in a size 9. I usually wear between an 8.5 and a 9. These fit deliciously. I just pulled them out of the box and tried them on. I don't want to take them off! When I first put on the left shoe, I noticed that there was a little tightness on the top of my foot underneath the loops that hold the laces. After about 4 minutes, this feeling went away. I have a narrow foot and found these to have great arch support and I like the higher heel that keeps my foot snug. The toe box is a bit wider than a tennis shoe, but not uncomfortably so. I don't feel like my foot is sliding around. There is room for a thick hiking sock, and enough toe space to avoid 'toe jam' during descent. I tried them on with thin Hanes ankle socks and they were very comfortable. Love this shoe; will be purchasing more shoes from this brand - "The Mountain Sports Company," Salomon.
Great shoe! Love the lacing system. The shoe definitely runs long though. I had to order one whole size smaller to get the correct fit. I could probably even use a half size less.

These are great trail shoes, especially the lacing system. They took about a week to break in, but ever since they are a dream. Good traction and the fit is true to size. I have been wearing Salomon trail shoes for 5 years and it's clear I will remain a loyal fan. 
Love these shoes, I usually wear orthotics and this shoe felt so comfortable I wore it as is...just wonderful. I always order up a full size, I only ordered up a 1/2, and it has been fine.
Great trail walking shoe! Breathes well, and has great arch support. Had to order a half size smaller than my normal size 7 to get a good fit length-wise. Bit roomy in front for toes compared to the snug fit through the mid foot and heel.
I would say these shoes run a half size big. I ordered the size I usually wear, and I probably could have ordered a smaller size because the front area of the shoe is quite wide. There is plenty of room for your toes that is for sure. I had trouble figuring out how to do the laces. You have to roll them up under the pocket on top of the tongue part of the shoe and then it sticks up a little bit after. I wasn\'t sure if I liked that at first, but after wearing them it grew on me.
After reading other reviews I ordered size 8.5 when I usually order 9 .The shoes fit and feel great and I have very fussy feet due to arthritis.
These shoes are great multi purpose hiking/walking/running shoes. They fit my wide toed, narrow heeled, size 7 foot perfectly. Great support for my high (but failing) arches, my heels don't slip, I can wiggle my toes, and the laces stay put. Good shoes + good socks = miles of comfortable feet!

Great hiking shoe! Wore them for the first time hiking for 5 hours in Maine and it was pure comfort the entire trip! Very light and durable. I would recommend ordering down a half size, as I am normally an 8.5 and ordered an 8.
I've had several pairs of Salomon shoes in the past, and despite buying the same size, these really do feel a half-size larger than my older pairs. The arch support is farther forward, everything is too big. But, I've loved my former pairs so much I may just go get the smaller size!
