Salomon XR Crossmax Neutral CS
These shoes are well made and comfortable; however, they seem to run small, and the mediums were a bit narrow for my wide feet. 

I usually wear an 8.5, so I ordered a pair in this size, but I'm returning them because my big toe hits the edge of the shoe.

Also, the sole under the heel is very springy, so there is a lot of friction where the heel meets the back of the shoe. 
These are extremely comfortable shoes. I only buy Salomon because I dislike laces that come undone. The only thing I dislike about Salomon is the sizing. I am a size 6. But I had to get 6½ because my toes rubbed the tip. Other Salomon styles fit differently. Other than that these are fantastic shoes for runs, hikes, everyday. It feels like I am walking on a mattress, they are so nice.
These shoes are exactly what I have been looking for as an "up north runner". They are warm, comfortable, attractive and true to size. Grips are great when I need to get up on an icy, snow-covered shoulder. Wish I bought them years ago!
I have worn size 12 in every running shoe for years. I used the Shoe Fitr tool on the Running Warehouse website and I'm glad I did! I was able to compare the two pair of shoes I'm currently running in and it recommended I order size 11.5! I'm very fussy about my shoes fitting well, especially trail shoes, and the 11.5 fits perfectly. 
I purchased these in men's size 8.5 because they do not make a women's wide 10, and they fit perfectly!  I wore them when I ran the 'Tough Mudder' at Mt. Snow yesterday and I loved every step in them!  The sole is very supportive, and the toe box is wide enough for my foot.  The material is not the typical mesh you see in trail shoes, so I was worried about mud and water retention, but it really was not an issue.  The tread provided great traction running down muddy slopes and hiking up slippery rocks.  The lacing system simply cannot be beat!  These shoes stayed right in place no matter how deep the mud was!  I will say that these shoes are very warm and might provide too much warmth for a summer hike, but that is due to the material as mentioned before.  Overall, these shoes are great!
