Heelys Jazzy (Toddler/Youth/Adult)
I'd been looking for some adult size 8 Heelys, with two wheels on each shoe, forever. My son had outgrown his old ones & he was terribly sad about that. When I came upon this site & found the exact shoes my son wanted, I nearly cried. We received a great product at a great price, and with fast shipping. Thank you!
Great Heelys! Just what I was looking for as a gift for my daughter. She loves the fact that they look like Converse shoes. The transaction was so easy and loved the free shipping. I had to exchange these for a smaller size and customer service was great! So simply and I got my replacement the next day! Customer service representative was fantastic!
I am very happy with this product. The shoes are sturdy and well made. They run true to size. My eight year old daughter loves them.
These are really nice, but run big. I gave to granddaughter for Christmas they have to return. Shame they don't come in 1/2 sizes.
My daughter loved them, but they run a little big. I will exchange them for a smaller size.
My 7 year old daughter absolutely loves these Heelys! It's taking her a little bit to get her balance on them, but she is getting it! I do recommend that you go a size bigger, for they are very padded. Plus it gives them a little more time to wear them. :)
Okay, I am not a kid...at least not in chronological age! Hey, I still wear a size 6 shoe! Can't wait to learn to use my Christmas present from my kids! How cool is that?
My daughter was thrilled with these shoes. Now the challenge is learning to use them. They feel like a very supportive and well padded shoe - so buy a size up to account for all the padding inside.
My daughter loves these shoes! The size is true. She wears a 12 and these fit her perfect. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the laces started fraying after about a week so have an extra pair handy so your girl doesn't have to go a day without her Heelys!
My daughter (age 10) loves her Heelys! They fit true to size, maybe a tad roomy but that's fine since she will grow. She does have a hard time rolling around in them but, hopefully, she will get better at it!
