Merrell Moab GORE-TEX&reg; XCR&reg;
These are excellent shoes, however my normal size (12) was too small, and there is no 12½, so I had to go up to 13. They seem to fit just fine now. These shoes have served me well on many hiking trips, however, they are somewhat uncomfortable around the top part where your toes bend. That could probably be corrected by wearing thicker socks (I wear regular everyday socks with these).
I wore these shoes for over a year for everything from day to day use to hiking to trail running. The durability was great and I loved that they kept my feet dry without sweating. I would still be wearing them but the sole at the heel wore through. They fit true to size and width. The problem is I can't find the color I had in my size anywhere. As a disclaimer, I am affiliated with Gore for product testing of Gore-Tex products for the purpose of product review and recommendation. I do receive items from Gore for these purposes.
Excellent shoe, needs no breaking in. The wide width is very wide, had to order half size smaller. Excellent arch support for people with problem feet.
OMG, these are the best hiking shoes that I have ever owned! I have owned several pairs of hiking shoes, and boots from other companies over the past 4 years of my short hiking life, but none fit and feel as good as these. I have always had difficulty finding a good fitting hiking shoe, because my feet are a 10 wide, and Merrell, I just discovered, is one of the few companies that put out hiking footwear in wide sizes. I literally just returned from a 10 day campimg trip in the NH White Mountains. I wore them on the flights up, and back, and hiked up to the top of Mt. Washington, as well as on a number of other mountain trails around Mt. Washington. They were so comfortable that I didn't even know that I had them om my feet, even after flying, or hiking all day. The treads gripped well on the very rocky, rugged terrain that I encountered on most of the trails I adventured out on. I must say that I did make one modification, and that was to change out the insoles for a pair of Powerstep insoles which worked better with my high arches. I do love these shoes, and I am amazed at how comfortable they are and how well they perform!
I love these shoes. Just bought my third pair, after walking my way through my previous ones. These shoes are extremely comfortable, especially if you walk and stand a lot as I do for my job. These are also great for medium level hikes and outdoor activities. The GoreTex lining is great to keep your feet dry when walking through puddles. The added GoreTex booty does make the shoe run smaller, so buy a half size larger than you think you'll need! Totally worth my money every time. (I wear mine with Bronze Superfeet for extra comfort.)
These are my second pair of Merrells, and won't be my last. Very comfortable out of the box, only took a couple of days to thoroughly break in. They fit true to size with light hiking socks, and appear to be well-constructed. I went with the Gore-Tex because I wanted waterproof yet breathable shoes -- it gets hot in Atlanta and also rains a lot. They are a little warmer than my last pair of shoes, but those weren't waterproof (at all), these are a big upgrade.
