New Balance W1540
I need a good sneaker with support and this is the one. Even showed it to my orthopedic and he said it was a great sneaker. It's comfy and sturdy. Didn't take any precautions of the style changing so I bought an extra pair! I always buy sneakers 1/2 larger than my shoe size and it fit great.
As a former wearer of the 1122's and 1123's, I actually like this sneaker very much! I love the new look, and think it's more flattering and not as boxy as the 1123's. The only difference is I had to go up 1/2 size (from 8 to 8 1/2), but the D width is still good for my orthotics.
This is a very disappointing evolution of what was the 1123 shoe.  The toebox is shaped and fits differently, as does the rest of the shoe.  I would not describe this as the progression of the 1123, just like other reviewers have posted, this shoe does not resemble the fit or comfort that the 1123 provided.  It also seems to run a full size smaller than the former 1123 does.  I ordered 1/2 size up based upon other reviews, and my toe was still hitting the edge.  If you are looking for  a shoe to replace your 1123's, I would not recommend the 1540.
Bought these shoes for their stability. The wide toe box, straight last, roll bar are great. These shoes are very comfortable because of the cushioning and light weight. To get a good fit, I had to order a full size larger and WIDE, instead of my normal medium. The heel is narrow and comfortable. I do not like the white/purple/grey combo, but I can live with it and smile.
Way shorter in size than ever experienced with a NB shoe.  Great color and bummed they don't fit.
I am very happy with these shoes. Although on paper there was every reason in the world to think that the old 1123 would have been good shoes for me, they were never comfortable and I ended up giving them away. I was reluctant to try these because I had been unhappy with the 1123, but I am glad that I did. These shoes are much better for me. I recently had reconstructive foot surgery, and these are the only shoes that I am wearing right now. I do feel they are half size short, but I got a wider width than my usual, and they are fine. I will be buying these shoes again.
I have yet to find a pair of Natural Balance that are not supportive and cushioned and these are no exception. Have a great profile and look good with a pair of jeans. I ordered a size D width originally and felt narrow and ended up with an E width. I needed to go up a full size (measure a 7.5) for these to feel comfortable.
Runs very short. I've been wearing New Balance for years, & normally take a 9 1/2 wide. In this shoe the 9 1/2 was wide enough to deceive me into thinking it fit -- but I realized after a couple of painful wearings that it just wasn't going to work. Of course, too late to return it. Very disappointed. But the right size would likely be very comfortable.... 
I love this shoe! Unlike some of the other reviewers I am actually glad about the change in color and sizing from the previous model of this shoe. I always felt like the older model was much to wide and boatlike. However do to some reoccurring foot issues I went ahead ab bought these because I desperately needed the cushioning they offer and I am so glad I did. The new version is perfect for me, still has decent size toe box but a bit narrower at the heal so it hugs my foot as it should. The cushioning and arch support are great and if you are a big girl like me ( size 12 shoe, 5'11'',and over 300 pounds) this is the shoe you need for support and cushioning if you are starting a walking program.
A great comfortable shoe that has a great look and feel. Do note that I found this shoe to run a whole size smaller as well as width.
About 1/2 size too short. The WR1123 was a great shoe for me. Wish I could still buy that one.
