Keen Kids Coronado High Top (Toddler/Youth)
Great for orthodics! My son has muscle issues and needed shoes with high-top support, lace-up for control, and also that would admit orthodics (we use the hot dog kind). I looked high and low for some that would work, and these are perfect. I did have to tear out the insoles that came with them. These have become his signature shoes and I'm buying a second pair in the next size up! Would give them six stars if I could. Oh, I should mention the only slight flaw is that the laces aren't real--they're just elastic that eventually gets a little sprung. Keen should use better elastic.
These are very cute shoes. My son can wear them with his school uniform and it looks very nice. They do run big, I had to order a full size down for my son.

Love these shoes! My 4 year old and 18 month old have a pair in red and they are so darn cute! Easy to put on/off and go with everything from jeans to leggings to casual skirts. Fit is true to size, and is fine for wider feet - plenty of room. Was very sad to hear that Keen won't be making this style anymore. Get them while you can!
It is adorable in person. I also ordered the Keen shoes (non-high top) and for some reason this pair had more flexible sole. The sizing, like other reviewers, was way off for my 5 year old boy. It definitely is between a half to one size larger than it should be. I was also a bit skeptical whether this would be alright for a boy as I noticed other reviewers bought them for girls. It could definitely pass for a boy's shoes.
I thought the sizing off, too big. I ordered 13 for my 5 year old and though he's in a 13 in every other brand I've tried, the Keens were a least a size too big on him. Great shoes, though! I'm exchanging.
I bought the red Keens for my four year old and he's worn them every day. They are super easy for him to get on and off and very durable as he runs and jumps and plays. I had to order a size 10 even though he wears an 11 in most athletic shoes like Puma. I will be getting another pair they are so great!
