Brooks Adrenaline™ GTS 12
Solid member of the Adrenaline GTS line for runners seeking a stability shoe. I've worn the predecessors since the days of the Adrenaline GTS 7, so I've seen many of these. It comes in widths - Narrow, Normal, Wide - which is unusual in itself, but greatly appreciated. The biggest change in this model is the lacing system is slightly offset to fit the last of your foot, not to create a symmetrical design.

They do run small - I wear a full size larger than I measure in street shoes.

Great shoe for me - I wear narrows and need a stability model!
The GTS 12 is consistent with shape, size, and ride of previous models. Consistency was my primary concern and they have achieved that. I like knowing I can send them back for free if they don't fit.
I have purchased several pairs of these before and were very pleased with them, but this time the shoes were too small for me to even put on. I read some of the reviews posted on the manufacturer's website and found out they are having trouble with size variability. I tried ordering up a size and the shoes were too large. So I gave up and am trying a different style.
As others have suggested, I ordered a size up as well. Super comfortable and still give great support. Brooks has spoiled me from other sneakers.
I'm not sure why there are negative reviews for this shoe. If you've ever gone to a running store (or read a runners' magazine), you would know that not all running shoes are alike and that in most cases, you will have to get a half-size to a full size bigger than your normal, everyday shoes. You should have 1/2 inch to an inch of room from your toe to the end of the shoe. With Brooks Adrenaline 12, I went up 1/2 size from my normal shoe size. I've tried Adidas, Nike and Brooks. Brooks is hands down the most stable shoe for my severe overpronation. And finally there are some funky colors to choose from! I highly recommend the Adrenaline line for moderate to severe cases.
I discovered Brooks last year and really like this athletic shoe as well or better than any other brand. Instead of my usual 6, though, I have to wear a 7 -- so size up! This color combo was on my radar for awhile, and I finally decided to go for it. The support and the comfort are exactly what I need for my treadmill walking!
Very comfortable shoe with great support.  I wear double wide and it felt true to size and with.  
I love these shoes. They fit great and there was no break in time. I usually wear a 9.5 in boots, and I buy them a little large, so that's what size I ordered in these since several other reviewers said they tend to run small. Mine fit great & I love that the toe box is nice and wide. I've ran in these shoes several times and haven't had the first blister or any pain, which was not the case with my old pair of Adidas running shoes. I would definitely recommend these shoes!
This is a great shoe.  I got it for the structure - after havin broken my foot wearing a pair of Born sandals. These fit snuggly and are very comfortable for my treadmill runs.  I would get another pair. I bought 1/2 size larger than my normal.
I had run in Brooks a while back and took a detour and ran in a few other brands (Mizuno & Asics) which were fine but I found that I was wearing through the padding more quickly. Since my shin splints were getting worse, I turned back to Brooks and these (along with additional stretching) are great so far and my shin pain is getting better. Many others noted that these run small - I agree, but I wouldn't say they run a full half size small; they are just slightly smaller than the older pair of Adrenalines I have so it'll depend on how close you are to the half size. I notice them being slightly smaller but a half size up would too big.
These shoes came in width and size I needed. I have foot problems and these shoes are very comfortable right out of the box. They are made overseas so the sizes run alittle small. I had to order a full size larger.
Love this shoe. But they definitely run small. Buy a full size larger than you think you need.

I love Brooks and have worn Brooks Adrenaline for a few years now. I switched from New Balance to Brooks after losing a lot of weight. I walk and am active and end up wearing them out pretty fast so I am buying a new pair about every six months. The last pair arrived only two months after buying a pair I toasted in the rain. The pair two months ago was a size 9. That was half a size larger than my normal size. They fit great. Two months later, I bought the same shoes, same Adrenaline 12 and they were half a size too short. I wore them anyway but my toes hit the front to the point of pain on long walks. So, I ordered a 9½ and they fit but the arch is in the wrong place now. I wonder if their quality control is lacking. I plan to keep wearing them for a while longer and if, when I order my next pair, the sizing is off, I will have to move on to another brand.
I love these shoes! I have worn Brooks Adrenaline for over ten years. I have a slightly wider foot, but not quite enough to wear wides and these mediums accommodate perfectly. I am a size 8 and these fit extremely well and are true to size. The color of these is so cool and I always get compliments on them. They came with red shoe laces which I put in and they are awesome!
