Brooks Cascadia 7
I've been happily wearing Salomon XT Comps for years and years, but the quality has gone down and the price up. So I was looking for something to replace them and these are perfect. Lightweight, great traction, offset lacing, comfortable to wear walking on pavement or trails. They run a half size smaller than Salomons and a full size smaller than Pumas. The color choices aren't the greatest, but I bought the green with yellow swoosh and am happy with them.
Great comfort and quality, however, they fit a full size too small compared to Asics, Puma, others.
Great shoes, size runs a little small but other than that I could not be happier with the purchase. I would recommend these shoes to anyone. 
I purchased these mainly because they are one of the few trail runners that come in a size 15, and I needed a shoe to complement my Merrell Trail Gloves on snowy days. Sizing was perfect. Toe box has ample room. Gripped great on snow, wet grass, dirt, etc. Could be very comfy as an all day shoe as well. It has a high heel/toe differential of about 11, but because of mid foot padding, I found these nice to fore foot strike in.
I absolutely love this shoe! I received it one day and went hiking the next -- no break-in period -- and I go walking and running my 5 miles every day in them. They are perfect! I did go a bit larger than I usually do, i.e. one size larger.
This was my first pair of Brooks. I love these shoes. Get a half size bigger. I wear these shoes all day and also to walk my usual 5 miles a day. I have had no problems with these shoes. I love the no slip tread and they feel great on uneven surfaces. I walk on sidewalks, streets and such. I am 58 years old and walk in all weather. Nothing slows me down. I can not afford to fall and break a hip so although I am quite active for my age, I do have to make sure that my apparel is up to date and appropriate to keep me going and these shoes fit the bill. They are wonderful!
I purchased these recently for trail running, as I'm training for an off-road marathon in September. I typically love Brooks for street running. These are decent shoes; however, the toe box feels pretty wide, wider than my street runners for sure, and I'm not sure they're going to do it for me. They are attractive and breathable, and have decent grip on the trails. I wear a size 8 street shoe, and generally run in a 9, but if you plan on running down hills like I do, you'll need to go even larger to make sure you're not jamming your toes against the front.
This is a superior trail shoe.  For trail running or regular trail hiking it performs very well.  I like the new off-kilter lace-up design; it really does help the tongue stay in place.  Highly comfortable, even when pointing your feet straight down an incline.  In the case of trekking with major elevation gain (and, more importantly, loss) you might consider going a half-size up to make sure your toes don't hit.
I really like these shoes. I have never wore Brooks before and I'm very happy I tried them out. Color -- what is not to love? So fun. Plus, customer service is so awesome, I needed to change sizes went from a 9 to a 9 1/2 (that may be something to consider if your ordering this shoe - go half size up); they processed my exchange beautifully. Thanks for a great shoe and thanks for great customer service.
I have narrow feet with high arches and underpronate. After reading about trail runners for underpronators and trying on a bunch of shoes, I picked the Cascadia in size 8. I wear a 7.5 in Asics and two other brands of sneakers. My first time wearing them was a 16 mile hike with steep downhills and muddy patches. Great traction, no blisters or rubbing, and no knee/hip/arch pain (a first!). I felt my feet hitting the ground in a more neutral manner. The off-center lacing allows you to tighten the laces for optimal support without crushing that bone that protrudes on the top of the foot. Finally found a shoe for my high arches and looking forward to many happy hikes/runs.
