Brooks PureCadence™
I have this show in Purple, the green is one size larger, even though I got the same size 9.5 in purple and green, the green ones are too big, I had to send them back.
Comfortable shoe that is good for overall wear.  I needed something with a bit more support on the outside to keep from rolling but very comfortable overall.  The size runs slightly larger than other Brooks I have worn.  Last pair of Brooks I purchased were a 13, these are are a 12.5 and I could probably use 12.
I bought these hoping the arch support would be minimal, and they'd be more neutral, but these were far too much of a stability shoe. They're nice and light weight though, I'll give them that much. If you're looking for a shoe with a decent amount of support without getting too crazy and lightweight shoe this one might work for you. As always with Brooks shoes I had to buy a half size larger than I would normally buy.
This shoe is everything I expected.  As a runner I am trying to transition into less of a structured shoe in the Brooks line, and this was the right choice.  It's comfortable and fits as expected.  Brooks tend to run a bit small, so I always order 1/2 size up.
I love these shoes.  I thought they were cross trainers - not running shoes.  They run wider than Nikes and are great for the high impact classes that I take... I didn't think they were that attractive but I get a lot of compliments on them!  I did get 1/2 size larger as I have orthodics for more arch support for my feet.
I had been having pain in my feet when working out (running and elliptical) so I wanted a shoe with more support that was better fitted to my foot.  These shoes are perfect and the pain is completely gone.  I did order a half size large as recommended by the reviews, and I am so glad that I did.  The shoes are quite narrow, so I wouldn't order if you have a wide foot.  My foot is normal width and the sides are a bit snug.  Definitely will be buying this brand from now on.
LOVE these shoes!  In the past I have ran in the Brooks Adrenaline GTS 12 and I like these because they are a bit lighter.  I suffer from posterior tibial tendonitis and these seem to keep everything in place...haven't experienced any pain or additional swelling since I started running in them a few weeks ago!  True to size.  Love the hot pink!  Definitely worth the price!
I have to say these are the most comfortable shoes that I've ever had on my feet. I bought them a 1/2 size larger (just in case) and they are perfect. It truly feels like you are absorbed in memory foam. I've worn them for over 12 hours at a time and still had to remind myself to take them off...that's how comfortable they are. They were comfortable right out of the box and that day wore them for 8 hours, feet weren't tired and my legs didn't ache. They are worth every penny. Very lightweight, too. I waited 4 months before reviewing and still say: "If you are considering these, take the plunge! They are worth every penny."
I have a bad knee and broke my ankle so I have been having hard time getting the right shoes. First I got Saucony (like for walking the dogs) then I got the Nike Free Run 2. They were good but they needed more support so I got some insets but not enough. So I tried Asics Gel Nimbus 13 they were too stiff so they went back. Then I got these and I tried them on. Right away I knew that these were the ones. I did zumba and for the first time I did not need my ankle brace! I cannot wait to try running in them. The only thing is that I did have to go up in size. I am usually an 8½. There was no 9, no I tried the 9½, which fit fine.
Amazing sneakers. After reading other comments I ordered size 7, I wear size 6 1/2 shoe and the fit is perfect. I walked/ran in them next day, no problems fit is very comfortable.  Would highly recommend.
I have worn the Brooks Adrenaline for the last five years. These new shoes are lighter but they are significantly smaller than the Adrenaline. I would say order a size bigger than your usual running shoe size. I wear a 5.5 to 6 in regular shoes and usually wear a 6.5 in running shoes, but I would need at least a 7 in these.
True to size...very comfortable. If you like the color combination...you will definitely like the sneakers. Great choice!
