New Balance WX20
I have 3 pair of NB trail 10, 20v, all with vibram soles. They all fit the same. One pair of NB without vibram soles fits very wide. This NB minimus is beautiful but very narrow. Had to 1/2 size up and then even go to a wide! (Guess that's why this one comes in a wide, the others don't...hint hint from NB.) The 1/2 size up felt the same in length and width as the lower size...almost as though the sizing varied/was irregular from shoe to shoe? All in all -good looking and I really wanted a pair of all black. Other than that, I'll be sticking to the vibram sole NB minimus. They feel great indoors anyway. Better fit. When ordering: definitely 1/2 size up...if your foot isn't narrow, you might prefer the wide.
I love these, but sadly I have to exchange them for half a size up. They ran too small! My toes were totally crunched. But even then, I otherwise loved the fit and feel.
I have a large foot so it's hard to find the correct size. I would buy this a half size larger.
OK this is my 3rd minimus. So disappointing. Not sure if it's the shoe but tried locally and fit fine. Ordered same size here and too small. 1/2 size larger would likely be too big. These are more comfy that most of the other minimus w/vibram soles (these don't have) and great in all black. Lightweisht.
I am an avid weight trainer, and these shoes are amazing. Wearing them really is like being barefoot -- my posture is much better than it was in my Nike Frees. I bought my usual sneaker size. I have somewhat wide feet and high arches. After the first wear, I thought they were too small (short/narrow in the toe), but I laced them up all the way to pull them back on my foot, and they have since stretched a bit in the toe box. Perfect fit.
I read that these ran small, so I bought a half size bigger than normal and they fit perfectly. They are comfortable and very good for avid walking. I tend to get shin splints and I haven't had them since wearing these sneakers regularly.
No arch support in this shoe, and it runs small.  I have several different syles of this brand of athletic shoe that are this size that fit me well, and are visibly longer when you put them side by side.
This is the second pair that I bought because I love them so much! I am a CrossFit trainer and wanted minimalist shoes. I have never been happier, particularly because I have wide feet and the sole of these shoes provides a good base while not compromising on the minimalist concept. I bought the medium width shoe, ordered half a size up; my first pair was not available in wide, so I did not bother with trying it with the second pair.
A note about sizing: Should have listened to the other reviews that said this shoe runs small. I ordered my normal size (a 10) and my toes were pushing out the ends of the shoes. Order up in size and probably a full size up. Otherwise I think I would have loved it.
I think the New Balance WX20's are good but I prefer the comfort of the New Balance WW10 's.  The WX20 runs short.  I bought up 1/2 size and I think I could have bought up one whole size.  
