ASICS GEL-Ipera™
I bought these for cross country and they're great. I had been running with size 5 Adidas and they would hurt my second toe on both feet. I was confused and thought I was a bigger size but my coach recommended Asics. I decided to buy these because they're decently priced and very nice. I got them in size 5 and they fit just perfectly. I've been using them and they have never caused any pain.
Fit great. True to size. Although my toes were right at the end, not scrunched, the toe box is very forgiving I feel and doesn't cause pain. I run on the treadmill in these, do Zumba, go grocery shopping, walking the dog and wear them to work. All around great shoe and has held up to everyday use with no breakdown in the shoe itself.
I'm a big fan of Asics.The color are awesome.But ran extremely narrow. I am usually 7. For these I ordered 7.5. My recommendation is go up a half size.
I recently purchased the Grey and Pink Asics Gel-Ipera. I have worn them to 3 Zumba classes with 3 different types of floors. They are super light and I love the way they look, Zumbalicious. They are very comfortable lots of heel support. Very true to size. Breathable material. Love it, no more hot feet. I have tried these on carpet...not bad, but my Nike work better for carpet. The Y gym floor seemed to work great and the last floor is a little more rubbery and no complaints here. I really love these shoes for Zumba. I also have Nike Musique IV, and I added a Spenco Insole and I love them too.
I love the color of these shoes and maybe in a half size bigger they would be perfect, but something has changed with Asics sizing. I have 2 pair of older Asics shoes, both 7.5 (my usual size). Ordered these in a 7.5 and they are too small. Arch support seemed a little off too, maybe just because the shoes are too small? Shoes seem a bit too snug all over and I'm not sure all that can be attributed to the smaller size. Very different fit than what I'm used to with Asics. Awesome looking, try 1/2 bigger.
I love these shoes! I got the Maui blue and lime color and wore it to the gym tonight for Step and got four compliments before I had left. I wear a size 9½ and have medium width flat feet. I take classes at the gym five times per week including Turbo Kick, Pilates, Step, Cycle, Yoga, Zumba, R.I.P.P.E.D and Tabata and these shoes are a great replacement for the Adidas that I had worn out. I cannot wait to test the performance of these shoes in my other classes!
Just wore these for Zumba and it was not a fun experience! To put my review in context, I have a very bony, narrow, size 11NN foot. When people complain that a sneaker is too narrow, I know I may have a shot with it. This one is particularly roomy in the toebox and they are overall big looking. I'm looking for a replacement to the wonderful Asics Plexus I've worn out this year.
