OluKai Ohana Lace Up
Very comfortable shoes.  They are great summer shoes!  I've worn them with shorts, jeans, and khakis.  They work for most any occasion and outfit.  I ordered a half size smaller as other reviews suggested and they fit perfectly.
I love these shoes for their comfort and style. However, I do not like lots of cushioning in shoes, I prefer a minimalist feel, so I took out the insole. It was unbelievably squishy and huge, and made the shoes tight, and uncomfortable in my opinion. I put in about a 2mm flat sole lining instead and that works great, and they feel way more comfortable. I had to go down a solid 1½ sizes to do so, but I am happy that I did (I am normally a 9 or 9½, and I went down to an 8). The shoes in general and toebox is really wide, so they are super comfortable. The color has faded on the shoes dramatically though, so they definitely look very worn after about a year. Otherwise, they have held up pretty well. I would buy another pair, but they are just plainly too expensive for simple canvas shoes. It is ridiculous that these shoes are priced so high. I got mine on sale at REI. But I would never pay full price, despite the positives, they are just not worth it.
These are the most comfortable business casual shoes I have ever worn. I have been wearing them daily for about a month and the suede has held up remarkably well. I wear a size 11 sneaker, but ordered a 10 1/2 in these and they fit perfectly.
Bought these for my husband and he loves them. They are his second pair of OluKai's. I think he is completely sold on this brand he really loves the fit and comfort. They run a lil small so we have to go a half size up.
Thanks to the reviewers that recommended going a 1/2 size down. I'm usually between a 9 and 9.5, and the 9 fits perfectly. I have a narrow foot and a freakishly high arch, and normally have to put in an aftermarket footbed. not with these. and they don't look like peter pan slippers like some other shoes of this style in smaller sizes do. also on my 3rd pair of flip flops from oOlukai, and would recommend them to anyone. you pay a little more on the front end, but they last forever and don't get the stank like reefs do.
These shoes are awesome! Very comfortable and true to size. They go with everything.
I'm very pleased with these shoes, they look great and feel good. They do run about one size to big, I typically wear a 14 and had to exchange them for a 13. The fold down back isn't very comfortable, but still a great shoe!
This is one of the most comfortable shoe I have worn. I ordered my true size and when the shoe came it was a half size too big. Does not take away from the quality these shoes are built with.
