Propet Stability Walker
The shoes are great-stylish, comfortable and help ease osteo-A knee pain. However, the customer service was absolutely outstanding when I ordered the wrong size initially. You've made a "customer for life". Thanks.
I've bought many Propet shoes in the past, including this same model, but this pair in particular was too long, even though the same size as I always order.
I bought these for my husband who has Fred Flintstone feet, hard to fit and please him at the same time. These are great and even though very wide, they do not appear oversized. He loves them.
I was able to locate the size, width and style I was looking for with little or no effort.  The quality of the product is excellent.
I have spent my first 60 years trying to find shoes that fit me correctly. Most all of my purchases, though the shoes were billed as wide and had to be in 1 1/2 to 2 sizes too long in order to get the width to fit my extra extra wide feet. Now in my retirement years, I have found a shoe to fit my big feet in the proper length. Not only do they fit but they are stylish and comfortable. I think anyone with wide feet would be very happy to try the Stability Walker.
My foot is size 6 1/2 wide. The shoe fits perfectly, my orthodic inserts also fit nicely. The D links for the laces make it much easier to tie the shoes. Overall, a good buy.
Very good support. Accommodates orthopedic inserts easily and shoe runs very true to size. 
For the truly wide of foot. Propet never fails to provide a comfortable shoe. I have been buying this particular style of sneaker for years. Wide enough for my 4E feet. I got the size 6.
I love these shoes. I have a ww size foot, with these I fit into a w size. Great support and very comfortable. I put in my own arch supports in all my shoes, so I can't tell you how this shoe's arch support is. I am on my feet a lot.
1/2 size too small, no arch support and do not buy these shoes if you have any kind of foot or ankle problems and plan on standing on your feet for a 10 hour shift.
Wonderful shoe, but too small. Have a 10+ size so too short.
I had previously worn the Propet Washable Walker so am comparing the Stability Walker to that model. I find the Stability Walker to be an ideal shoe for me, a 78 year old woman who has some balance problems, walks a lot and attends exercise classes. The Stability Walker is more stable, having a wider footprint (wider soles on the ground) and higher uppers. Also, the sole is thicker which means it will wear longer and also that makes walking on hot summer pavement more comfortable. I did find the shoes to be slightly wider than the same size of the washable walker, but extra tightening the laces took care of that. These are excellent, comfortable shoes for general purpose walking and exercising and I really like them.
