Saucony Progrid Mirage 2
Comfy. Runs small, I'm normally a size 8, and should've ordered an 8 1/2. But I didn't, and realized too late it fits snug in the front. Have to wear thin socks otherwise it hurts my toes. 
I'm disappointed in the Mirage 2 due to the difference between the original Mirage and the 2. I gave it all stars because I know this is a great shoe if you can get it to fit you! I wore the original Mirage (size 8) and loved it so much I wore it out training for a marathon. I ordered the Mirage 2 to replace the original Mirage and I tried both the 8 & 8.5 and couldn't get the 2 to fit. So bummed! There's something about the toe box that changed. I can't quite figure it out. Also the different colors fit differently. Really odd. Aside from the size difference, I used the Mirage to transition from a heel strike to a midfoot strike due to knee trouble. I no longer have knee trouble and now have a midfoot strike and a pretty great lightweight running shoe.
First pair of Saucony shoes. For years I had regularly worn Nike Shox, but my last pair of Shox seemed extra-cheaply made, plus I wanted more of a runner's shoe. I must say that the first day I wore these for a walk/run I "did something", or rather the change in shoes did something to my calf muscle (right more than the left?), and I was basically incapacitated for 1 1/2 months (could not run, slowly started walking again). Short story: the change in heel-toe height for me was near-catastrophic. Happy ending: I've rested, healed, slowly accommodated my calves, and now I love them for walk/running (still slowly incorporating running into my 4mi. power walk). The are very comfortable for my 7 1/2-sized, wide at toe/slim at heel feet. I'm glad I switched to a lower heel, and feel these shoes have good shock support, maybe a little stiff. I wish they had a pair that was mostly black.
Comfortable running shoe, snug fit. I had to go up one size (as I always have too when I buy Sucony shoes) I also love the color!
