Keen Tryon WP
I've tried literally two dozen pairs of hiking shoes and boots over the past few years and have been unable to find anything, even under the direction of a doctor, that worked for my feet. I never tried Keens because they don't make many non leather options and I am vegan. When I spotted these I figured it couldn't hurt to try (well, nothing could hurt more than my last few pairs of boots). They felt different from any other shoes I'd worn, so I took them for a fourteen mile test hike through the rainy Columbia River Gorge. I could not believe it when I escaped this ill advised break in trek with not one single blister! I love these shoes! The bottoms of my feet did hurt and I replaced the insoles with something a little cushier. I had a small hot spot under one ankle bone, but nothing a little tape won't fix. I usually wear a size nine in regular shoes and a 9.5 in hikers, but I needed a 10 in these. Besides being comfy, they are cute, too. I'm really happy I bought these.
I am a Keen lover.  I received these shoes about 30 min ago.  I love the look, but out of the box they looked to small.  I always size up to a 7.5 in Keens and that is what I ordered.  I could barely get my foot in and when I did they were way to tight in the foot box.  I am highly disappointed.
I am afraid I will have to return.  While I purchased a 1/2 size bigger, it is still uncomfortably small in the forefoot (too short, vertically) and was actually painful after wearing for a short time.  Too bad...I love the way they look.
I felt like a bumblebee in this shoe and it was a half size too small. Didn't like the big Keen on the side either.
First, pictures of this shoe do not do it justice- it is gorgeous! The dark grey part is tinged with a midnight blue and the fabric thread has a slight sheen to it that gives the color depth and life, not a flat matte grey. The shape of the shoe is a narrower profile than other Keens (my husband refers to my other Keens as my "clown shoes" and I will never be parted from them!) and the color blocks are all on the same plane so the shoe has a very streamlined look overall. Visually,I adore them. The arch support is decent, though not ideal for my high arches. The toe box is quite tight, especially on my one slightly larger foot. I do not typically fall into a wide width range and usually fit a size8 perfectly. The length of these in 8 seems fine, so I hesitate to go up 1/2 size to try for more width. I really wanted to keep these, but wearing them for just an hour inside made my toes go numb and my feet felt so relieved when they came off- there is no way I could wear these for a full day of intense activity. I wish that purchasing Keens was a bit more of a sure thing fit wise- but it really is a crap shoot as the size and foot bed/support is wildly inconsistent between styles.
Great shoe, just not wide enough. My regular size is an 8 C. My Keen size is an 8.5. I ordered a 9 and length was fine. Have arthritis and severe back issues. I don't think this shoe would have been supportive enough.
Excellent wet weather shoe. I have just purchased my second pair so that I will have one pair for truly muddy conditions and another pair for wearing around town in the rain. I wear athletic socks in these shoes, so I bought a half size bigger than I would have purchased if I had planned to wear SmartWool socks. The fit is perfect, snug enough to give good support, roomy enough to keep your feet comfortable all day. Highly recommended.

I bought these to replace a pair of Keen Ridgeline shoes, which I loved but have been discontinued.  I had to size up 1/2 size in these and really loosen up the laces as they orignally felt narrow in the toe box.  I have worn them quite a bit now and they are quite comfortable, but I still prefer the discontinued style.  I wear these for walking and they also work well when I am lifting weights and doing a fitness routine.
This is a well constructed shoe that keeps your feet dry in wet weather without being overly hot and heavy.  I have a lot of foot problems, and it didn't resolve them all, but it does work with my orthopedic insert.  I usually wear size 9, but 9.5 worked for me.  Overall, a great shoe!
