ASICS Gel-Express® 3 W
I haven't started to exercise in these shoes yet but what I can say so far is that I typically wear a 5 1/2 and that is the size that fit. They look very wide, but they fit snugly and are not slipping at all. They seem very comfortable walking around the house.
Agree with reviews that this shoe runs small. I have worn Asics in 71/2 reg width for years and ordered 71/2D to give my bunions more room. These shoes are very comfortable, but not one bit wider than the regular width ones I own. If your foot is truely wide, I recommend ordering a larger size. This shoe is a very good looking shoe for someone tired of white.
I bought these ugly ugly sneakers because my podiatrist recommend them as a good brand for people with wide feet. I don't know if they changed the design or something, but these shoes run a half size small and are much too narrow. If these are a D, I'd hate to see how narrow the B is. If you have wide feet, don't bother.
Great looking sneaker on and off the foot. I had to return them because I think my foot is exploding in size! Goes with everything and is totally comfortable. I probably could have worn these without socks, but I am a sock person and need the extra room. I will get the next size up.
Love the style...they look great! I get lots of compliments. They are a bit snug and I would size up next time, but overall I am pleased.
I was so disappointed with these shoes I got a wide and a size bigger than I normally wear and they were still too small. I think asics run smaller. I really wanted them to work too since I am a large foot I usually get boy shoes not fun purple.
My shoe size was just measured as a 7 1/2.  Because of the reviews, I ordered a half size up.  This shoe in an 8 was still too short in length.  Width was fine, but I have narrow feet. I'm returning and ordering a full size up.  Style is great.
The shoe is great.  Just had to have 1/2 size bigger.  Service here is super! Received next size up a day later and wore it all week on our vacation.  Best shoe ever!
Fit is true to size, as is width. Stability isn't bad, but not as sturdy as the next step up, such as the GT-2160 or 2170. I have been using these for a bootcamp class, and they are holding up pretty well, and for the price you can't beat these. However, I am so rough on my shoes (and   I'm also heavier than the normal person) that I will go back to the 2170 style next time. These are probably best suited for walking and light aerobics.
If it were a little bit bigger and wider, this would be a great shoe. I got the size I normally would buy in a sneaker and the top pinched my toes where the laces begin. I would suggest getting a half size bigger than you would normally buy.
Great sneakers. Loved the design, but big. I followed the comments of others and ordered an 1/2 size bigger. And it was too big.
Comfortable and cute!  It's hard to find a nice shoe in my size, so this is great.
These were the best shoe ever for my horrible feet, but if they are not made in China but Indonesia they run a 1/2 size smaller, all the shoes I've ordered on line I had to return due to the smaller size, the stores around here do not carry them any more...
