Nike Free TR Twist
Love this Nike! True to size, light, comfortable, and I love the black/hot punch color! They are great for the gym, being so light. I will be purchasing another pair.
Love the color (grey/orange)! Fit well in heel and foot bed but big in the toe box. I usually order a 1/2 size bigger in athletic shoes but with these I will be returning for my usual shoe size. 
The ultimate workout/gym shoe. Unfathomable that this shoe has only 4 stars! I am a personal trainer and have about 2 dozen tennis shoes. Nearly impossible until now to find a decent workout shoe. By definition, it must be 1) lightweight 2) unrestricted 3) have a wide/stable base. This is the only shoe on the market to offer all of the above all the way. Squats, lunges, step ups etc...even The occasional cardio. They run true to size and because they are made to not necessarily be worn with socks, you might want to go a size down. I'm a 8.5 but can wear an 8 if I wanted too. Obviously if your doing anything of substance in a gym you will not be there for more then an hour or two per day max, 'support' is not what this shoe was designed for but ultimate user performance. I have several pairs in several colors and highly recommend. No other shoe, much less from the Nike Free line compares in the gym. Period.
I have not yet worn these outside of walking around the house to test them out, but so far so good! If you are in between sizes depending on the shoe, go with the larger size. I'm an 8 1/2 - 9, and the 9 fits as it should. The red is definitely pink, the gray is as shown. The shoe has really great movement and you can practically twist it in half.
These shoes are great! I order a half size up for athletic shoes, and these are no exception. They fit great with size increase. They have plenty of width - not a narrow shoes. I wear them to work out, plus the occasional bike ride or walk. Would not recommend them for running, as I don't think they have the support for it. The only very slight tiny complaint I have is that the laces seem to come untied a bit easier than more traditional types of laces.
