Saucony Originals Jazz Low Pro Vegan
This is a great vegan shoe! I have been working in retail for 12 years and have recently started working in the stock room. My pace is a fast walk and these shoes make it effortless. They don't squeak and they stay tied! Stopping abruptly doesn't cause me to do that waving hands by your side and catch your balance with your other foot dance. When an arch insert is added, it feels like wearing very cushioned slippers with laces. The size is more generous than a fashion sneaker with added comfort from the cushioning all around the shoe that doesn't make me look like The Marshmallow Man. This shoe is also cushioned to the point of giving your heel a bit more slipping room without coming out of the shoe simply by not tightening the laces as tight. Considering the comfort, style and it being a vegan shoe, this is an excellent price. It may not have arch support or reflectors but is definitely a 5 star shoe!
I have bought 3 pairs of these, they are very comfortable. I work on my feet all day and I haven't had back pain at all with these. The size is accurate. Color does fade after time, but I like the worn look. 
I agree with all of the other reviews. I love these shoes. I already had a pair of Green Jazz Vegan sneakers in size 7 and just bought the Grey/Blue in size 7.5. Though the 7 fit me pretty true to size, I wanted more room to be able to put arch /heel supports in there for jogging. My only issue is that the Grey color looks almost Lilac in some lights which may be a turn-off for some people. The tongue is rubbing my ankle in the new ones but I did not notice that as much in my size 7's but those are broken in for a year so maybe I just forgot. Glad there are Vegan Sneaks!
These shoes are so comfortable and true to size. If you have wide feet you may want to go up a half size, but they fit me perfectly. I love them and I'm so glad I found such great vegan shoes.
True to size, light, and comfy. Also, I think this is my favorite color combo on these sauconys to date. It's nice to find vegan sneakers that don't immediately fall apart.
I love these shoes. They are really comfortable. You might want to order half a size down from the typical Adidas or Nike shoe. I wear a 10½ in these shoes but I wear 11 in my Adidas, Vans and Nikes.
Great sneakers! I wear them at work for 8 hours and I'm on my feet pretty much the whole time. Comfy and awesome and cruelty free! I wear a size 10 in women's and the 8 1/2 (men's) fit just right.
These looked comfortable and cool, especially for being on my feet long periods. I have another pair of Saucony shoes for running which are nice, but not my thing for wearing casual. Wanting a vegan shoe too, these are rad. They are light and padded, plus I like how they feel when walking. I took some reviewer's advice to go up half a size and they fit well. They seemed like they might be a bit big at first, but after some wears I was convinced that they were the right size. I am looking forward to getting another pair.
I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and durable so far. I am always hesitant to buy shoes off the Internet since my feet are a very odd shape and size, but these are extremely comfy, flexible, and light.
The Jazz Low Pro Vegan is the only kind of Saucony I've had, and it's because I absolute love this shoe. Big on comfort and pretty stylish details/overall look. I've had them in black and in grey/orange as my everyday walk-around shoes for a while now. Order a full size bigger than your actual foot size, because break-in is quick and minimal. Overall quite breathable and durable despite a lot of canvas construction, but I feel they tend to succumb to fading and wear (especially near the toe) after a solid year of almost everyday use. But for this price, these things are a steal.
