PF Flyers Center Hi - Premium Leather
I dig PF Flyers and this is the best sole they make. I just wish they would make them a little wider. Why do all these PF/Converse shoes need to be made so narrow? I've started to buy a size larger to accommodate for width. Sturdy shoe.
My leather PF Flyers attract a lot of compliments!  I walk nearly everywhere I go and have chronic joint pain, so I was a bit concerned about choosing hip sneakers over utilitarian, but I was pleasantly surprised.  They were a bit stiff at first, but are breaking in nicely.  Other reviewers reported needing a larger size than normal, but I had to exchange for my usual size.
These shoes rule! great look and feels great. I wear a Vans size 9.5 and got the same size with these and they're perfect. I'm planning on getting another pair of these!
I ordered these shoes for my 19 year old son for his birthday. They fit a bit narrow, but were true to the size in length. The leather is soft and stretched quickly and he loves them!
I've always wanted to wear Chucks or something similar, but my feet are too wide. Someone recommended PF Flyers to me, and I have been totally pleased by the purchase.The shoes are definitely wider than Chucks and the soles are much more comfortable. It's almost a shame that Chucks are so popular while PFs go virtually unheard of. Definitely worth the extra money. They fit true to size for me.
A very comfortable and durable pair of shoes. They have a nice, wide fit and very good support. The only problem with the leather premiums is that the shoe tongue tends to shift around a bit with the shoes laces ending up on the top of the in-step. I do not seem to have this problem with the canvas Sandlot PF Flyers. I found that wearing a size 10.5 is equal to wearing a size 9 in Converse All Stars. I wear these shoes all the time and I highly recommend them.
These shoes are great. They run a little big, so order a size down. They are a bit stiffer than usual sneakers and are very comfortable.
I've had mine for a little over a year now. They are still bright white. I just gave them a refurb with some beeswax leather cleaner and then oil based leather conditioner. Now, they shine like new. Perfectly broken in. Quite possibly one of, if not the most, comfortable shoes that I own. I highly suggest these. Only downside, I bought these last year for quite a bit less! I should have bought 2 pair! Fit true to size, but fairly narrow. So if you have a wide foot, these probably aren't for you. Very low arches as well.
