inov-8 Bare-X Lite™ 150
These are great shoes! They most definitely hold true to their name, they feel like wearing nothing. They are everything I had hoped they would be. They are incredibly light, fit like a glove with virtually no break in time, the nearly zero toe to heel differential is perfect for my circuit training workout. I will say they run about half to a full size too big. I take an 11 in Bike and could have taken a 10½ in these. Also, I have wide feet and they fit me perfectly. Get a pair, I highly recommend them, and then go for a run in the mud.
I love the Inov-8 shoes for their comfort, looks, and zero-drop. These are as wonderful as I expected. The only problem is that they are really men's shoes, with size conversions for women. The sizes do not convert exactly which means that sizing for women is hit or miss. These ran big and will need to go back. Inov-8: please make women's shoes instead of trying to fit us into men's shoes!
I am 62 years old and have been running for 49 years, The shape and size of my foot is the proverbial "average." I am not prone to injury. I am primarily a trail runner but run roads as well. I am a two year zero drop user and was looking for a true shoe (as opposed to VFF's for instance) that was zero drop and that had low weight. Both pair of my trail shoes are from Inov-8 so I gave these a try. I found them to fit my needs well. They are light, they wrap my foot well and the lacing system, while different, is comfortable. I have taken them as far as 14 miles at a time. You have to remember these shoes are not only zero drop, they have zero padding. I cut my zero drop teeth on no padding using VFF's so this shoe is no different in that regard. The only thing I see as a negative is that the sole seems to be wearing somewhat rapidly. Enjoy.
I like them. Very lightweight. Very minimal, with no cushion, heel, or support -- promotes better form. Sole is a little stiffer than the F-lite 195's I have, which I think works better on pavement. They do seem to run a little big, however, consider ordering 0.5 sizes smaller than normal.
