MBT Nafasi
These seem to fit a size larger than most so order a size down. I love, love these shoes. At first I didn't like the looks but the more I wore them the better I loved them. And they are so comfortable and easy to keep clean and nice looking. I would love to have the brown if they ever get them back in my size. I will get them also!
I was really excited to find this shoe. I've had ankle fusion and shoes with a rocker bottom and are the most comfortable to wear. I ordered the size recommended, but when I received them I could easily fit two of my fingers in between the back of the shoe and my foot. For me, the size is not accurate.

Because these reviews have proved helpful to me, I decided this is one I was going to write. Because my orthopedic foot Dr recommends this brand of shoe and because I have lots of arthritis in my feet, I wanted to give them a try. I tried another model before the Nafasi but found it to be way too narrow and short so was discouraged. Then someone wrote a review stating that the Nafasi took orthotics (which I didn't find in any other review) well but still recommended to buy a size larger than normal. So I did and have found it to be a good fit. The thing that amazed me is the degree of cushioning and the comfort they brought. The rocking motion took some getting used to and sometimes I still tend to get off-balanced easier but the cushioning makes it worth it all. We are planning a trip this fall that will require more walking and I am now looking forward to it much more. I have very flat feet that pronate. One other detail that probably should be mentioned. My Dr recently introduced me to a light-weight brace that fits into my shoes under the orthotic and then wraps around my lower legs. The purpose of the brace is to keep my feet in better alignment which then keeps my knees, hips and back in alignment. I wasn't sure any MBT shoe would accommodate my brace, but his one has. So this shoe has been an expensive purchase but worth it to me with my renewed lease on life and excitement about my upcoming trip. The brace is part of this improved picture also. My husband also liked the looks of these much better than my normal athletic shoes which I tend to agree.
Although Nafasi is the least orthopedic looking shoes of the current MBT line-up, they lost a lot of what I've been relying on in this design. They have very little of the "rocking" action based on sole shape and were much harder to break in than any of the three pairs I've purchased in the past. The inner soles are hard and don't have a lot of arch support. I buy these shoes for work, as I'm on my feet on stone floors all day, so I need the posture support, foot cushioning and the relief that rocking back and forth on my feet provides to my calves and knees, not for the "toning" benefit. Also, I've ordered the same size for all my MBT shoes, but these shoes were a full size too big. I had to return them and get a full size down. Bummer to have that much money tied up in the return process. I've gotten used to them though, and they are a versatile style.
