Native Shoes Miller
Love these. I have two different size feet, so my left foot moves around a bit. But with ankle socks -- which looks just like sneakers and socks, it's fine. I have a metal screw in one foot and must wear shoes in the water, so I even tried them for my pool exercises today and they were great. I don't know if they are meant to be submerged in water for that long, but it works for me. I ordered a couple of pairs and hope they work for me, because so far I really like them for their comfort and lightness in weight. Going Native.
I agree that these run small. Order a size up if you are between sizes. Other than that, these are very light weight and surprisingly have an arch support.  Feels less clunkier than other brand names.  
This is a cute, fun, American made shoe that I enjoy wearing and easy to clean up. I did read the reviews and finally decided upon my regular size, which I kept but didn't realize that they were truly a little short on my big toe until I had worn them about 3-4 times. Regret that I didn't order up.
These shoes definitely run small. I am normally a size 10-10.5, so I took the advice of others are ordered a size up, but the 11 is still a bit snug. I am keeping them because I think the 12 will be too big. Besides the sizing issues, this shoe is super lightweight and comfortable. I mainly wear them around the house and neighborhood to walk my dog.
Love them, have all the colors except pink which I'm trying to get but always sold out. Please send me the pink ones in my size whenever they come in.
These shoes are fantastic. I wasn't sure how comfortable this kind of material would be but they are great, super flexible, comfy insoles. I wear them around the house and yard mostly, but they are solid for short walks down to the beach or market as well. I knew they looked good, but was pleasantly surprised to confirm they aren't form without function. Regarding sizing, they seem a little loose, but not too, and I would imagine a smaller size would be too tight. Also, it means I can wear them with socks if I choose, although usually I don't. I absolutely would recommend these and expect to spend a good bit of time in them this summer.
These shoes run a half size smaller. If you go to the Native website and click FAQ it will tell you that if you wear an in-between size to order a size down. I'm a 6 1/2 so I ordered a 6 and they were beyond too tight without socks. If you are in between sizes, order a size larger.
Such a cute shoe. I'm crushed that -- even after ordering one size up -- this shoe is not appropriate for a foot with a high instep. It's extremely snug across the top of the foot, even to the point of pushing my foot out of the shoe as I walk. Socks would never be possible. Some reviewers mention the shoe stretching but I'm hesitant to risk foot pain while waiting or hoping for the shoe to stretch.
I bought these shoes exclusively for wearing them at the dog park.  Due to the material, these shoes are easily washable, so I'm not bringing the park into my car.  They also look cooler than Crocs which are also good if you happen to step on a land mine.  I would not wear these shoes around all day.  They don't breath quite as well as advertised and they fit a bit narrow for me out of the box. I'm typically easy to fit any size 10.  Took a few weeks of part time use to break in and they will drag down short length socks to the heel. Crew or sports socks are fine.  I have worn them with higher length socks after playing hockey and were actually perfect for after a game. They are comfortable for limited wear.  
Shoes are great for the beach or in-water activities when you need foot gripping. Sizes run smaller. I think these are unisex. I am a size 7 in women's and I ordered size 6 and they fit perfectly!
It seems that the shoes don't have too much breathe-ability, unlike it was advertised as. When I wore it barefoot I was barely able to "feel the breeze" in my feet. Furthermore, it does get kind of clammy in there because of the enclosed rubber around my feet. A word of caution: be careful of wearing this shoe barefoot because it will rub against your feet and cause blisters. I bought it just so that I can wear it with no socks, but it seems that I really have to. Additionally, the gray/peach lining of the shoe is actually a part of the shoe. That means there aren't any glued pieces whatsoever. It is simply one piece shoe and the gray/peach lining is simply paint. It did wear out a little after one walk, and the soles seem really weak too - I have a feeling it wouldn't last too long. But now for the good parts: the shoe is made complete EVA foam, which actually managed to really soak up my foot odor. Plus, it is extremely light. I want to emphasize this because there really aren't any shoes under 7 oz - I looked everywhere. The only other shoe that weighs less than this (and is not a running shoe) would be the Converse Chuck Taylor Mesh. However, these shoes have much better color choices. Overall, while I am annoyed that it would be hard to wear these barefoot, they are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn just yet. The feeling on your bare foot is extremely nice. You would have to wear it to understand it.
These are great looking shoes, quite comfortable at first and even more so as they are worn in. Because there were no 1/2 sizes, I'd recommend going up one size from your norm. The downside is that despite the ventilation holes, the material does not breathe and I often feel like kicking them off when I sit down. Not a problem here in Austin, but that might not fly in some other locales. Also, I found that because of the sweating caused by the material my feet got dirtier than they would have with sandals/flip-flops, which are what I see these shoes as a replacement for. Of course, it's no big deal to give them a rinse, but if you decide to kick them off at a cafe or friends house, be prepared to check out the condition of your feet!
At last I'd found a shoe with a bit of style that could conceivably take over from the abomination called Crocs. Great little shoe, but huge. I ordered a whole size down to not have clown floppy feet.
This would be a great shoe if it was available in half sizes and various widths. I wear an 11 1/2 wide and initially ordered size 12. These were too large, so ordered size 11. These are just barely big enough, but I can't wear socks with them. Overall, I would recommend passing on these shoes unless you happen to wear even size, narrow shoes. I would buy another pair if they do increase number of sizes available.
I love my shoes! They are so comfortable, I only wish it was summer again. I'm going to make sure I buy more pairs of Native Shoes! I did have to move up one size for a better fit, but overall I'm very satisfied!
