Brooks PureConnect®
I love these shoes. They are probably the most comfortable running shoes I've ever tried. They are quite narrow, which is good for me, and you should definitely order a 1/2 size up. The arch support is quite high, so if you have flat feet, you probably wouldn't like them. I love the yellow color...it is really bright. May go back for more colors!
These are far and away the best running shoes I have ever purchased. Based on the other reviews, I went up a half size and they fit perfectly. Tons of arch support and quite a bit of cushioning for being so light.  I actually bought a second pair in another color after running about 30 miles in my first pair.
Very light and just enough support. Right out of the box these were comfy (although a tiny bit snug across the instep with cotton socks). I wear these for running on pavement and on dirt trails. I do find that they just don't protect my feet from gravel enough. Ordered half a size up since my feet need the extra space when running.
Super duper light! Best running shoes I have ever bought. They felt perfect but I did  order a half size up because of the running. Order them!
These are very cute shoes. I even got a comment/compliment from a guy! The color is beautiful and they are comfortable. They are definitely on the snug side but not so much that you must go up a size. I use thin socks, so my regular size for tennis shoes being 7½ worked fine.
I loved these shoes right out of the box and about 3/4 of the way through my first run in them. They have amazing support and cushion - feel great except for the seam that goes down the back of the heel. It dug into both my heels and gave me horrible blisters. I bought anti blister socks with padded heels, and even that didn't help. Because I had worn them already, I couldn't return them. So like another reviewer, I had to cut a chunk out of the heels of both shoes. They feel great now, but I was really sad to have to butcher them up! Also, I was really happy that I ordered half a size up from my normal size. I'm normally a 6 1/2 but the 7 fit perfect.
I got a blister on my left heal. That foot is smaller than the right. I had to cut the back of the shoe down. Hated to do that, but once you wear them you can return like other stores.
I usually wear a 9 and that's the size I kept. 
I ordered this shoe in my regular size and could not even get my foot inside it. I have a wider size foot. :(
Very comfy shoes, however they do run narrow and small. I had to size up one full size from an 8.5 to 9.5. Great in between shoe between traditional and minimalist shoes.
At first these felt quite different to previous running shoes I have had in terms of shoe structure and sole, but after a few runs I love them and I'm really happy with them! They are light yet sturdy and I find them very comfortable. I wanted something a little more minimalist so I ordered these and the Pure Flow. The Pure Flow felt too bulky for me and the Pure Connect feels like a superior running shoe. To me it felt very true to size and I would definitely recommend this shoe to others. If you're used to more cushioning, it may feel a little alien at first but stick with it and I think you'll be very happy! I am!
Fit - While a lot of people are saying that the fit is small and narrow, I disagree. Most shoe buyers are used to a 'new balanced' fit of wider overall shoes. This shoe fits the same as any other Brooks shoe. Normal fit through the heel-midfoot, and a slightly wider forefoot, narrowing in the toe-box quickly. My ideal size would be a 10 3/4 so this shoe is perfect as the 11. Feel - Awesome, found that at multiple points during run and elevation changes that whether on the ball of my foot, or heel, there was adequate cushioning and feedback. Style - Great coloring and materials. These wont go in the trashcan when I retire them. Overall - Will probably get 250-300 miles out of these but as a lightweight trainer/shoe for tempo runs or on cinder paths and trails this is a great shoe. Brooks continues to rock.
I LOVE these sneakers! I switched from Saucony Kinvara's over to the PureConnects because I wanted a lower heel-toe drop. These shoes have helped me improve my running efficiency by becoming more of a mid foot striker. And they are super light - a must buy for anyone exploring the minimalist sneaker option. One caveat: these shoes run small. I'm a size 9 in street shoes and usually a size 10 for running sneakers. I had to go to 10.5 with these sneakers.
These shoes are great. They are very light, but have a lot of cushion. These do run a bit narrow and are a bit short. I had to order a half-size up. I have narrow feet, so a half-size was perfect. If your feet are a normal width, I would order a half to a full size up. As these are minimalist, you may want to consider not wearing socks. My only complaint is that the out-sole is separated between the big and second toe. I think Brooks did this to give you more power. I didn't think I would notice, but I have noticed my gait is a different. Overall I love them! Now if I can just get the darn clay I got caked in them off.
I am so happy to have found these shoes! I have been looking for a neutral minimalist running shoe for some time, tried many - these were my favorite. They don't pinch my toes, have great flexibility are super lightweight and even stylish. It didn't occur to me until I began looking for barefoot style shoes that one reason shoes don't fit me well is because I have longer than average toes. These worked in 1/2 size larger than normal to get the arch in the right spot. My only complaint is the pronounced arch, which while very cushy, goes against the minimalist design of strengthening the foot muscles to do the work of an arch support. A good intro-to-barefoot shoe.
These shoes, by far, exceed my expectations. I only run a couple of miles three or four times a week. These shoes have increased my distance and decreased my time. Transition to them slowly though. My calves hurt for two days after my first run. Still a little sore, but much better than the knee pain my Nike Lunar Fly's caused. I had no knee pain after my first run in the Brooks. They did feel a little tight at first, but they feel like they've stretched out. I did order a half size up.
