Tsukihoshi Kids Speed (Toddler)
These shoes are absolutely perfect. They are super flexible, easy to get on and comfy. My son has some sensory problems and needs really flexible shoes. He typically wears Saucony, but they don't hold up very well, so I thought we would try these. He absolutely loves them and can put them on all by himself which he also likes. I think they run a little wide, but we usually buy wide shoes anyway so they are perfect. I will buy the next size up to put back for him because he loves them so much. I highly recommend them!
We heard of these shoes from a friend and they are fantastic.  Our child has fine motor skills issues and these are easy for him to get on and off.  Had to toss them in the wash and they came out perfect and smelling great.  Took just a few hours to dry in full.
We used to buy wide width shoes but these fit just fine.  Will continue to buy as long as they have his size.
I keep coming back size after size for this same shoe as my son's foot grows. He loves them. They hold up well and wash well in the washing machine. They look good for sneakers too!
Quality shoes in an attractive style for my son. I actually had to get a size bigger to fit his foot; enough to leave a little space in the front. Tsukihoshi hardly ever disappoints. 
Great shoes, great style and fast delivery! I ordered half a size smaller as suggested and they are perfect.  Very light and comfortable shoes.  My daughter wears them every day to school.
Overall, my 3-year-old daughter really likes these shoes and can take them off and put them on by herself. I find that I have to order a half size up from what she wears in the Tsukihoshi Euro style. 
Another happy parent and kid. My daughter has never chosen to wear the same shoe day after day but does with these so they must be the most comfortable yet. This was our first time with Tsukihoshi. She picked the silver and pink. She measures an 11 but I kept the 11.5 because I wanted room to grow. They are bigger than her foot but she doesn't trip. So I would say this style is true to size. Since she does wear every day I should have kept the 11s because they will probably be worn out by the time she needs the bigger size. I don't think they look brand new after washing but they wash easily and dry fast. I will definitely order another pair when these are done.
My six year old loves this shoe!  She was very excited about the color, but mostly about the fit! She says they are very comfortable.  They did seem to run half a size larger for us.  Machine wash very well!  Great shoe!
A big selling point for me is, these shoes are machine washable. And they wash up just like new! I also like that the footbed lining is meant to be able to be removed. This comes in very handy when you are trying to tell where a toe is hitting in the shoe! We love this shoe. It's our 3rd pair (all in different sizes -- the other sizes still look new, just too small!). I feel it fits true to size for length. If your child has super chubby feet, this may not be the shoe for you, it's just an average width. I just wish it wasn't more then I spend on most of my shoes, but it's worth the money to me. My daughter loves them!
These shoes fit true to size for us. They seem to fit her well and she is happy wearing them. We purchased size 8, and she just moved from a 7 1/2 to 8 in other shoes, so she is barely into 8's. there is some room at the toes, but not a ton. I do think they are a bit narrow. When I close the velcro tab over the tongue of the shoe, it does not cover the velcro strip on the opposite side. And the tongue barely covers the open part of the shoe. They are really cute in person though. 

Great shoes! My 4 year old loves the colors and swears he runs faster in them.  We have a few pairs of Tsukihoshis and I found these to run on the small side. Best to use the size chart. 
