Stride Rite Austin Lace Core (Youth)
Shoes are great. My son is 9 and very active and these sneaks keep up with him. True to size and VERY COMFY!
These are good shoes, they seem to fit pretty close to size. My son is very hard on his shoes, but they last about half a school year. They are as good as any.
I felt the shoe was true to size. My daughter is in between sizes so the half size worked out. The shoe looked even better in person, and looks great with her uniform.
Fits well for 11 year old, and comfortable. We get these every size for school uniform. Lasts well.
I love Stride Rite. For eight years, their products have been consistently high quality and true to size. Having a child with an XW foot, it is impossible to find shoes to fit him. This was the only pair I would find that was a lace up in his size.

These are excellent gym shoes for school. We bought the same ones last year, just needed a larger size this year.
This is my five year old son’s uniform shoe. It seems to be quite durable, as it takes a beating going to school every day and to after school activities. I feel it runs a bit small, so order at least a half size up. If you have a choice in colors, white is not optimal. It turns yellowish after the first month and is quick to attract dirt. Also, the tie laces are white - my son has a tendency to continue play even when untied, so they also turn a grayish/dark color. I haven’t stuck them in the washer because I’m afraid of shrinkage, with the leather you can wipe off most of the dirt. We bought our first Austin shoe in September and in January bought our second (his foot grew). The toe and soles were very worn.
Watch sizing - 
Be careful on the sizing. My child is a true 4.5 narrow and when the shoe arrived (I ordered 4.5 Medium) the width seemed fine but the shoe was too short. I've returned and waiting for the 1/2 size larger. I suspect the shoe runs narrower and smaller than usual but they're great!

Great everyday school shoe!
White looks great with khakis and jeans. Very comfortable quality shoe--white leather cleans well. Can also be worn for gym class, but I would recommend a lighter-weight sneaker on gym days. Purchased this shoe in a wide size--fit was perfect.

Great Boy's all round shoe - 
The extra width is a great help for my son and they fit him very well -- they are true to size -- we are very happy with them. He wears them to school and to church.

