Easy Spirit AP1
Does no one agree with me that these shoes get out of shape after just a few wearings? I need the extra wide width for the front of the foot but these are too wide all over thus not giving the right support or shape. I cannot say it is a size larger or small. But the fit is off because of lack of support. Can't believe so many people think this is an attractive shoe or the most comfortable.
Needed an 8.5WW. Wanted a more streamlined design rather than those big clunky running shoes.  It was difficult to rate how true to size these are because I do need the extra width in the front, widest part of the foot.  But the shoe is starting to get out of shape already because it seems they are also wide in the upper part of the shoe and ankle area.  Would prefer more support in those areas.  Also, the laces keep coming untied easily. But I am grateful someone makes an extra wide in a tennis shoe.
My feet are wide...very wide. I bought these in a 2E even though wear a 3E, but they don't come in that size. I used a shoe stretcher and it worked great. I needed a lightweight looking sneaker. I really hate the chunky, athletic looking shoes that are popular in today's market. Heaven forbid I should walk further than from my house to my car or up and down store aisles. However, the shoes are comfortable and supportive enough to do some major walking...just not going to happen on this old lady's feet.
These shoes fit my feet a little weird. They fit, but at the same time the heel was snug. Almost like I was stepping on the back of the heel rather than the heel wrapping around my food. Maybe they're just a tad too short? I got these in a size 9.5 WW. I have wide feet and plantar fasciitis.
I've worn AP1s for years. My black ones took my 80 year old feet and fused ankle a zillion hours of walking all over London and Paris without any problem. The fabric at the back lining tends to wear on the foot with my fused ankle, but a bit of moleskin on the lining keeps them going for a long time. The recent nubuck pair I bought feels a bit smaller. I think I'll go up a half size next time.
Easy Spirit is my favorite Brand of shoe for work as a nurse and off duty wear.  This pair is very light weight.  I often buy size medium, but ordered these in wide.  I feel a medium would have been a better choice because they are too roomy.  If you always need a size wide, you will like the fit.
As I wear a size 12 shoe, finding what I like is difficult.  Liked the looks of these, but was disappointed they have absolutely no support.  I can walk better barefoot than with the shoes on.  I kept them and will try an insert later.
