PUMA King Allround TT
I wear 14 in every shoe so I ordered a 14.  It was a full size too big.  Less than 48 hours later, a 13 that fit perfect was at the door. Can't say enough for the comfort of this shoe. 
Great shoe for indoor turf.  I came upon this shoe after trying the adidas copa indoor shoe and a pair of lotto shoes.  Both the lottos and the adidas shoes left me with pain on the ball of both my feet. Thankfully I experienced no pain after wearing the Puma Kings.

In my opinion, the Puma King turf shoes offer more support than most other turf shoes.  They're certainly not as low-profiled as other soccer shoes, but I find them more functional for my foot type.  I typically wear a stablity running shoe.

Purchased a half size smaller than typical running shoes.  May have been able to go down a full size.  The 9 felt perfect in the store, but they do stretch over the course of a match.

A high quality shoe that is worth the extra money in my opinion. 
I\\\'m a first time customer. I researched various brands of turf shoes. My last pair of Diadora turf shoes lasted 2-3 seasons. I\\\'m a soccer referee and depend on my shoes to be comfortable and dependable. Follow the recommendation of purchasing a half size larger. I centered four competitive games with the Puma King TT\\\'s out of the box, without any problems. Apples to apples, I prefer the Puma turf shoes.
Awesome shoe - no more heel problems - 
My daughter has been experiencing heel problems on and off for about 2 years while playing travel soccer. A friend of mine recommended these turf shoes. I purchased them about 2 weeks ago and she has had no problems at all with her feet or heel. They work great in doors and out doors. `I did purchase a 1/2 size larger as the other reviews recommended.
Perfect soccer shoe - 
I wish I'd had a pair of these when I was in my prime. The leather is excellent and really allows you to feel the ball. I usually wear a 10.5, but in this shoe the 10.5 was too small and I had to get an 11. Order a half size larger than you usually wear and you'll be fine. This shoe is everything a soccer shoe should be. It's the best money I ever spent.


Excellent Shoe!
These shoes are great. They are smaller than marked, make sure you order 1/2 size larger and they'll fit perfectly.

