Orthaheel Walker Womens
I wanted walking shoes with a strong arch support, in a W size. In addition, my ankles become easily sore. These shoes have the strongest support I could find, but the position of the arch in the sole of the shoe is slightly uncomfortable. However, the roomy toe box makes a big difference and my ankles get less painful when I use those shoes.
This shoe has great potential but it is built for someone with wide feet. It is also larger than your typical size. Would be great if it came in various widths. I think the arch support would be more effective.
Nice shoe with good support but the arch falls in the wrong place. I am going to try the next half size up.
Love these shoes. I have been recently diagnosed with plantar fasciitis and it has been hard for me to workout. I bought these shoes hoping that they would help and help they have, my feet feel so much better since I started wearing them. I just wish that I could wear them with my suits at work. There is plenty of room for my toes and the heel and arch sport is better than any other athletic shoe that I have ever owned. I have seen others post about what size to order, I usually wear a size 9 in non-athletic shoes and a 9 1/2 in athletic shoes, I ordered the 9 1/2 and they fit perfectly.
Why can't we get an 11.5 size! Can I possibly be alone in this request? I was excited get these because I really love the arch support in the Orthaheel sandals and these were very good looking walking shoes. However, these are a bit too short and a bit too snug. I have a normal wide foot, not a fat foot just a wide foot and I cannot wear a sock as they would not fit in these shoes. I tried them without socks, but my toes came to the very end of the shoe. Also, there is a very uncomfortable area in the fabric on the inside by a seam just before the baby toe which when rubbing the foot can be very irritating. Too bad these are coming back.
This is a sneaker that offers excellent arch support especially for those with moderate to severe pronation. The support allows you to wear the sneaker without orthotics if you normally wear them in your shoes. The sneaker runs a little short so I'd suggest buying a half size larger than your regular size. I am normally a size 10 1/2  and the size 11 fit me comfortably. These sneakers aren't the most stylish but for those who are looking for a walking sneaker that has great support this is it! 
