Merrell Mimosa Lace
I think these shoes look super cute (even with my big size 10 feet), but they won't work for me. I need a very supportive shoe for work, but there is not very much support here, and the soles are fairly thin. The shoe seems a little narrow, too, and just a tiny bit too short. I'll be sending them back and keeping the Keen Amblers I also bought.
I ordered these shoes for a trip to a golf tournament in the size that I usually wear. They felt too tight, so I returned them and got a half size larger which worked. I wore them to the tournament for one full day during which we did a lot of walking...big mistake as the sole was too thin, and by the end of the day, my feet and legs were suffering. It's a great shoe for wearing around if you are not going to do a lot of walking. Really like the looks and have gotten many compliments about them.

Rugged, comfy and sleeker than the typical athletic shoe. Feels a half size too large.

Very comfortable, spongy insole and extremely  flexible outer sole. It would make a great biking shoe because of the sleek, foot-hugging style. I ordered a half size larger so it wouldn't be too snug, just as a matter of preference. Cute, too!
I love the look and comfort of these shoes. My normal size is nine, and these nines fit well with a thin sock or barefoot. I will wear them with jeans and shorts. My only complaint is that they offer very little support, so if you're considering them for hiking or serious walking, don't expect much support. The reason I gave them a four-star overall was because of the lack of support. But they are really cute!
Been wearing these shoes for a good few weeks now, and I have to say they were definitely not what I expected. First thing that hit me was how different the color of the dusty olive was. In pictures it looks more brown (which I would've liked better), but when I got it in my hands it was very much a dark olive green. The soles are pretty good with traction, however the third day of owning these shoes I went to have a full day at a picnic in the park and I was all over sliding on the dry grass. These shoes are very cushioned on the bottom, so I can walk around for a long time with them on... and the light weight definitely helps. I started with two 6.5s (got them in the dark gray too), but ended up returning the dusty olive's 6.5 for a size smaller, 6. I don't wear thick socks so having almost 1.5 inches from my longest toe to the front end of the shoe was weird. The 6 gives me that secure fit, and the laces still seem to pull everything in without it looking like I'm busting out. I have "hobbit feet" so they are wide and do stretch out the shoe a bit, but most of the time my pants cover it up, so I'm fine. I wear these pretty much every day (especially with jeans) and I love how this shoe is VERY flexible. Those of you looking for a support shoe, this isn't it, but if you are looking for cushioned, light weight, and HIGHLY flexible shoe, this is great! I probably wouldn't take this shoe on the various terrain I'm in while traveling, but for just easy every day wear, it works great. Now if the colors were better this would have been perfect. Just watch out for the different fit in the different colors. Like I said before, the 6 in dusty olive worked for me but the 6 in the dark gray REALLY didn't... smashed my toes so I had to return the dark gray. The 6.5 in dark grey fits my 6 to 7 sized feet (though could be a smidge tighter), but I guess this shoe is just extra long.
