Easy Spirit Riptide
Not for wearers of orthopedics.  I did not realize when I ordered these that they did not have a removable insole so these didn't work for me.  They were nice and stretchy and had they been made in a size 12 I think they would have worked out.  All the other Easy Spirits I've purchased, and they have been many, have had a removable insole.  One of the primary reasons I stick with this brand.
I have had heel problems, I found these light and cushy with enough support in general not to need orthotics. I like the lower cut of the back of the heel. They do run big. With summer weight socks or barefoot (which is comfortable-no seams or scratchy spots) I certainly needed the half size smaller. I am so happy with them that I recommended them to a friend and am buying my second pair. Black for city walking to work - and blue for summer fun.
Yep, you were right about the sizing.  A half-size smaller kept my heel from slipping out.  Best of all was the ahhhh  feeling when my foot went into the shoe.  Thanks for my new best friends!
Bought the orange and pink after trying on a ton of 'fun, wear to yoga or tai chi class type of shoe'. Have gotten more complements than I ever have in my life! Ladies are stalking my feet with their eyes! Yesterday in the airport I had 5 people talking to me at once and one was a man. Would normally not wear this brand, but who knew? Order 1/2 size smaller for sure. You will be happy!
These are by far my favorite summer shoes ever!  They are cute and comfy.  I have them in the dark blue shown here, light grey, and black.  It would be difficult for me to say which pair is my favorite.  I like all of them.  I ordered a half size smaller than I wear in most casual shoes and they are a perfect fit. I can't comment on the arch support because I have really high arches and hardly ever notice arch support in any shoes.  
Very happy with these as dog-walking shoes. Comfortable. I wear these with thicker socks so they don't slip off. They are true to size. I have these style in another color because I like these so much.
I bought the size I normally wear in this brand, felt very comfortable but heel slips out when I walk. No arch support. I should have gotten a half size smaller.

These run a half size large, I am a 6½ and in these, a 6 is perfect, even with light weight socks on, although they look better without them. They are super comfortable. I must have tried on 20 pairs of shoes to get ready for a trip where I will be doing a lot of walking. These beat out every other pair. The colors are OK, I wish they had a solid color version but they make up for that in comfort.
