New Balance M1540
I've worn NB shoes for last 15 years. I've owned every evolving model of this running shoe (and others) throughout those years. Now for you folks that have average sizes, I hear frequent complaints that these evolving models always seem to have fitting flaws to your liking, so you purchase other models or brands. Since there are countless models of running shoes to fit your average feet, you can play your game of finicky choosing indefinitely! I, on the other hand, have an unusual size and foot health problems that require a special quality of shoe to fit a specific need. This model of NB is the only shoe on the market (no competing company) that even remotely fit this specific need. Thus, I have been a very keen observer and critic of the quality and craftsmanship (engineering) of this particular model shoe! I can find flaw with every improved model in the past 15 years, but for my money this pair is the best model they have produced in the past three model updates, at least! I could spend hours discussing a wide range of features and aspects about this model shoe, but I won't. I will say that most folks may want to consider trying a half size larger (length) in this model verses the previous 1123 model. I shall undoubtedly purchase several pairs of this particular model, to assure that I have some additional pairs on hand in the future. I have discovered over time that the swings in model changes can be rather dramatic at times. Fortunately for you folks with average size feet, you can always choose from dozens of other models and brands of running shoes with a wide range of support and features. I unfortunately have only one model and brand of shoe to choose from when searching for enhanced features for support, size (13+), and width (6E).
Not as comfortable as the model being replaced. Order one half size larger for length, widith is correct. Overall quality is less than the last model.
Got these to replace the discontinued 846.  They work well with my custom othotics even without removing the insole.  The sole is not hour-glass shaped which makes it look a little clunky, but the shoe is stable and comfortable.  I walk about 30 miles a week on concrete.  I tried the MW 927 at the same time.  In the same size, it was about 1/3 inch longer.  The insole was thicker and had to be removed to accomodate my orthotic.  There was an odd discomfort just in front of the ball of my foot at the arch of the toes as I walked which caused me to reject the 927 in favor of this shoe.
For me the M1540 felt a full size smaller than the M1123. Had worn many pair of the M1123 over the years as a size 12 4E. 
For the M1540 I require size 13 4E.
Good shoe, and better looking than the 1123 that it replaced, but after wearing the 1123 in size 12 2E for many years, I've found that I need at least a 12 1/2 and 4E in this M1540, even though it uses the same last as the 1123.
I usually have a hard time finding shoes that fit. I usually need a 4e with a wide toebox. These are one of the few that work. The only down size of these is that their sole is to big and it makes them look like shape-ups, something that made me rethink if I would keep them. Dont really agree with the previous reviewer that they feel small. 
