Propet Life Walker
I have trouble finding narrow (AA or AAA) shoes. This really should have been AAA, but it was not available in my size. The heel is a little large and slips. But I don't have a lot of choices. Shoe manufacturers don't get it--that there are a lot of women who have narrow feet.
I wear a size 7B. I also wear orthodics. This shoe fits fine but I can\'t wear the orthodics comfortably in them. I\'ll keep these Propets around for days I don\'t wear the orthodics. They are comfortable enough but I\'d love more padding, which seems to be in short supply in a lot of shoes, and I wouldn\'t walk for miles in them!
My companion has worn this style for years. They are very comfortable, and true to size. The only problem we had was the color. We thought we were ordering pure white, but actually got sport white, which turned out to be a beige color. He decided to keep them anyway, but it should be made clearer about the different colors of white.
Great Walking Shoe - 
I have wearing Propet Life Walkers for about 20 years and love them. The shoe fits my size ten narrow foot like no other shoe does. This year I ordered for my ninety year old mother and she said they don't feel like you have a shoe on. We are both very satisfied customers. 

The shoe is very similar to the New Balance MW927 that I ware. The only problem I had is that it's about a half size smaller than marked and my plastic orthotic squeaks when I walk. I would recommend the shoe if you don't use plastic orthotics and make an allowance for the half size smaller than marked.
Seemed quite narrow for mens size 10 5E -- I'm a female size 9.5 who has been wearing another walking shoe in womens 9.5 2W, but tried mens because feet and ankles are quite swollen and I need more width. Returned because they're not wide enough for me. Nice shoe, though!
It is very hard for me to find my size in 15 3E all the stores around only go up to a regular size 15 if they have it at all. I've ordered before and I have always been satisfied.
I bought this shoe because I have heel problems and it received good reviews from a website that deals with heel pain. Well for me, they are not helping my heel pain at all. They are a comfortable shoe other than that and the size was right on.
