Keen A86 TR
These arrived today and they are very smart looking. After reading other reviews, I decided to order them a half size larger than my normal Keen size. I also knew that they were fairly "minimalist", and I knew I needed arch support and cushioning. I put them on, went to my workout at the gym, and immediately thereafter went to the drugstore next door. I bought some fairly expensive cushioning insoles with arch support. Now the shoes feel great. Glad I read the reviews!
I love these shoes.  Lightweight, breathe, and really comfortable.  They run a bit small (I typically wear a size 8 in Clarks and Born, but had to order an 8 1/2 - first pair of Keen.
Took this shoe a half size larger. Love them. Work out, hike and play golf in them. Light, comfortable, adorable and...perfect.
Nice to look at and comfortable just like all the reviews stated. I am super picky about sneakers-usually they are so stiff and kill my feet. I bought the gray, orange, yellow combo. My orthotics fit into them perfectly. These shoes are very true to size, and I just love, love, these shoes for both looks and comfort. They just don't have the heavy clunkiness of other shoes like this on the market, and are way more attractive than any I've seen.
Great for kicking about town or wearing all day at work. I wouldn't recommend them for running. These are lightweight and very flexible, comfy shoes but more fashion sneaker than a true running shoe. I thought the fit was true to size for Keen's (they usually run about a 1/2 size too small and I found this pair to be the same). I usually wear 9's in most brands and a 9.5 in Keens.
I love Keens and have 4 pairs, but these are my very favorites!  They are true to size and are lighter than air.  As for comfort...  I can bearly tell they are on my feet!
I love this shoe! The color and style are amazing. Used it on vacation for biking and hiking in rough terrain, which was not the original plan for them, and they held up surprisingly well. I now wear them to the gym and they are stylish enough to wear around town while doing errands. Note: I commented that this shoe felt true to size. However, I bought this shoe a full size up from my non-running/athletic shoes. This is how I normally purchase running/athletic shoe in nearly every brand. I am not sure if this will be the case for everyone.
These fit perfectly erfect fit from the moment I put them on! I wear a size 9 and have a high arch. They are lightweight for travel, too. I love the color olive and turquoise, it is very cheery. I just may have to order another pair in another color!
I love Keens but these sneakers are like wearing the softest slipper.  So comfortable and very cute.  I bought the orange, silver and yellow and get so many compliments.  These Keens were exactly my size 8.5.
I really love these Keens! They are very lightweight and the colors really get some attention. They are lightweight, breathable, mesh. The style almost reminds me of the old school Nikes. These would be categorized as minimalist shoes, so the arch support is minimal to none for those who buy Keens for the arch support. They also run much narrower than other Keens so be forewarned there as well. I really like Keens; however, the bulky, heavy weight, and stiff materials always make me wary of buying more. These A86 shoes are so not Keen and I really like them for that. I hope Keen does not stop making these or try to tweak them. Keep them coming in some more cool color combinations! Maybe a waterproof version for the colder months would be the only change I would request. I wear 8½-9, I buy Keens in size 9 and these fit great. Some may find they might have to go up a full size though depending on how you like them to fit this is caused by them being narrower than Keens usually are.
I didn't love this shoe. There is a seam on the inside that rubs me the wrong way, literally. I tried a half size larger and had the same problem. Normally I love Keens, but I'll be returning these. Better luck next time. 
