SKECHERS Bikers-Verified
These shoes are very comfortable! They somehow look a little off in the styling though. Rather boring but still worth the comfort and price. I'm a size 9 but these shoes make my feet look a couple sizes smaller!
This shoe is cute, but runs  small, so go up 1/2 size.  Usually I wear an 8 1/2, but the elastics were cutting off circulation.  Although perforated, the insoles do trap heat and keep the feet a bit sweaty, so I put in some other insoles.  Not a lot of arch support, but they're fine for hanging around.
Skechers shoes in this style are one of my go-to favorites. I have them in many different colors to wear with jeans around town. They are super comfortable and I have no issues wearing them on a long day of walking on vacation. No blisters and nice support. Runs true to size.
I love this darker shade of grey since they always look clean. They are true to size and very comfortable from day one on my feet at work. The only thing is that there is minimal arch support, so for those that need it, you may want to get an insert!
Unlike other Skechers I have purchased these fit true to size. In the past I have had to go up 1/2 a size. When I put them on it was instant..."Ahhhh yes." So comfortable. Wish they had more colors. Absolutely love these shoes!
Cute shoes and true to size. A little stiff...not quite as comfy as my last slip-on Skechers, but I'm sure they'll soften. Overall, happy with purchase!
Great shoe, wish they had it in my size in black. Comfortable, soft, light weight and stylish. 
These shoes are very comfortable and lightweight.  I like them for wearing with jeans instead of running shoes.  I might be able to go down 1/2 size, but the 9 fits fine.  Overall a good casual shoe.  
The size 5 was true to size. These are so comfortable and cute. I highly recommend them. I didn't even need to break them in.

These shoes are fantastic. They are true to size (I find), and are very comfortable. If they get wet, they dry out quickly! Good price as well!

Finally got the black ones in my size, too! Bought the grey/lt. blue ones a while back, loved them, but when I came back to get the black, they were always sold out in my size. Keep checking back and finally they had one pair! Got it today and now I cannot tell you which is my favorite anymore! Super-comfy, just like the grey ones, can wear them right out of the box for an entire day and not get uncomfortable, tired or sweaty. I like these so much, because I find them to be not as chunky as other sneakers. More the direction of Keds but with a softer foot bed.
Awesome shoes! I have never been a big fan of sneakers, more the Keds girl, tried many times and just ended up never wearing them and eventually giving them away (since they were usually worn once). 

These are different! They look awesome (the grey with the light blue), feel awesome on, so comfy, and no tying since them slip on without effort (we all know slip ons that need to be convinced). 

They are comfortable to wear all day, shock absorbing as I find (there are tons of stairs where I live) and my feet are toasty but do not sweat. 
Two thumbs up. Only con, wanted the black ones now too and they are out in my size. 
These shoes are trim-looking and much cuter than tennis shoes and I love that you can slip them on and off. They are lightweight and summer-y looking and I made them even cuter by cutting off the elastic band and putting in pink shoe laces! (In one loop, the manufacturer glued in the elastic band, but I was able to work with it and get the shoe lace through.) I like the rubber soles and I have worn the shoes to walk, but be warned that there is no support in them. I usually wear a size 9 or 9.5. I decided to go with the 9.5 and returned them for the 9s, since the 9.5 seemed a little big in length and width. The size 9s are definitely tighter, in fact, my big toes are near the end of the shoes, but they feel comfortable with either thin socks or no socks (if you want to wear heavy socks, size up). At first the elastic bands felt tight across the top of my foot - which is one of the reasons I thought about putting in shoelaces, but now that I have worn the shoes for awhile, they are stretching a little and are forming to my feet, so I think the elastic would have stretched if I had given it time. I love these shoes and will be buying them in other colors!
Too cute!  I love these shoes!  The colors are perfect (taupe and pink!) true to size, comfortable, feminine and practical.  Exactly what I was hoping for when they arrived.  So happy!  
