Ryka Studio D
These are very comfortable shoes and I do get a lot of compliments. They run small though. This is the first time I've ever worn a size 6 shoe. I wear a size 5 in dressy shoes and a 5.5 if it's a shoe that laces and I can wear socks (as 5 is hard to come by)...I have not worn them for Zumba yet (recovering from injury) but walked in them for several days on vacation (zoo, gallery, museums, and such) and they didn't disappoint.
Unfortunately, these are too narrow right out of the box, even ordering a half size up. I worried about this problem with Ryka and they are uncomfortable just trying on. So back they go. They are really nice-looking shoes and seem well-made and might be perfect for a narrower foot.

I wear these sneakers for zumba. They are very comfortable and allow for the extra movement needed. Order half a size larger than your normal shoe size if wearing for this type of activity.
I really love these shoes. They are great for Zumba and other dance-type aerobics classes. I wouldn't use them for running. I have had less knee pain, which I attribute to the turn points on the shoes since I don't "stick" to the floor. I also recommend getting a 1/2 size larger. They are so cute. Would buy again!
Love these Ryka's for Zumba class! I have wide feet and have typically trouble finding shoes, sandals, sneakers, etc that fit so I was bit hesitant to order these online. To my surprise they fit (I ordered 1/2 size larger than I would otherwise based on other reviews that I read). These are just wide enough and with the mesh they stretch for wonderful comfort while still providing some support. My knees and ankles feel so much better now that I've ditched the running sneaks for these. Thanks Ryka!
I bought the Ryka Studio D for my zumba classes, and I love them! They have a lot of mesh, so they breathe and are comfortable (not stiff!)  I usually wear a size 8, but in running shoes I wear an 81/2, so I got an 81/2, and they fit perfectly!
Love this shoe! I am getting ready to order my third pair! I use them for zumba, kick boxing, and every day wear. I don't recommend them for just walking, but I have terrible knees, and I feel like they give great support! I have a high arch, and I feel like the arch support is appropriate. I order mine 1/2 size larger because I have wide feet, and they swell when I exercise.
These are great aerobic dance shoes! My second pair and counting (in a good way). Good fit, great styling, excellent support! Did buy the shoes a half size larger than my normal shoe size for a more comfortable fit.
These are my Zumba shoes. I have flat feet and these shoes have the support I need to keep me from getting sore arches during class. I bought a half size up and am happy with the fit.
Very comfortable shoe.  I bought these for my Zumba class.  I checked out the Nike show as well but liked the support the Ryka's offer.  Ordered a half size larger than I normally wear.
I am a zumba instructor and was looking for a new dance/aerobic shoe. Here is what I liked: - stylish look of this shoe. - swivels/turns and other dance moves are much easier based on the design of the shoe/sole. - great sturdy medial/lateral support I really wanted them to work out, but they didn't. Here is what didn't work for me: - comfort: my arches were killing me - they often felt really tired and sometimes my toes got numb (even with a larger size shoe than I normally wear and even after several workout days of "breaking-in" the shoes). - grip: not sure why but I would slip/slide a lot in these shoes. - this doesn't happen with my current shoe (Reebok Realflex). In sum, this may be a great shoe for you but really depends on the way your foot is made and if the cast fits your foot. I wasn't able to tell simply by trying them on and walking around a bit. You'll need to actually try doing a little workout in them (on the carpet inside your house of course).
I only wear Rykas and have noticed each style fits differently. I bought these for Zumba and they work great; I also get tons of compliments. AA far as fit goes, I bought half a size smaller, because Zumba tends to stretch out the shoes after a few classes. I have narrow feet, so these are a good compromise. The heel is the best feature. It has extra padding it feels like for all my jumping around!
