Merrell Barefoot Bare Access
I have been searching around for the perfect shoess to wear while doing in home workouts. I do Insanity and P90X on either a low-pile rug or berber carpeting so I have been looking for minimalist shoes with almost no tread. These Merrells are perfect with flat soles and Vibram grip where needed. They fit true to size and the toe box is wide enough for my feet. They are super light weight and stylish as well! I previously ordered the Inov8 230 and they just had too much tread and the toes were a little too pointy for me and would get crushed often. I highly recommend these Merrrels and might even pick up the trail version for running in the park.
I recently purchased these with the sole purpose of gym shoes. They are ultra light weight, snug fitting and give very little support in the heel; which is ideal for certain types of weight lifting (i.e. squat, deadlift, etc.). The heel has some firm padding, but not too much. The arch support feels very strange and took a very long time to get used to. This is my second pair of Merrells; like the other pair that I own, these had a break in period where they just flat out feel half to a whole size too narrow around the arch support to outer-arch support area. I normally wear a 15 or 16 depending on the brand. These have plenty of length at size 15 and are only still tight right around the middle of the foot. I have now worn these for almost two months about four times per week to the local park, jogging trails and to the gym. They are not showing any signs of wear yet and serve the purpose that I had bought them for.
I have been wearing these for about a month and really like them. It is my first "barefoot" shoe and I must say I really like it. This is not for those who like a cushy shoe, this is for those who want a true barefoot running/walking shoe. I work in a warehouse and run around in these all day and they are great! I usually wear Sanuks, and these are better! My feet are a bit wide, and I went up a size and that worked very well. I also like the quality of Merrell.
Good shoes. Light and well made. They run small in size. I am a 8.5 and I ended up with 7.5 for size. I tried the New Balance version of barefoot shoes, and a few others but this was my favorite for feel and look. I also use the vibram five fingers. I have two different versions of those, but these are a little less flamboyant than five fingers, which is good for me as I am living in a middle eastern country and try not to stick out more than I already do. I think the best and cheapest bet for barefoot sneakers is plain old Chuck Taylors, but these shoes are good if you want to spend more money to look super cool and high speed.
Oh! How I wanted to love these! I've been loving running in Saucony Hattoris for about a year now, but they don't really work for me for non-running use. These Merrells come so close. Great toe room. Little or no drop. Fairly minimal. Good-looking. There were two problems. The big one was that there is mild arch support in these -- a raised portion in the arch area. Probably many people wouldn't notice/mind, but I really want a flat shoe to let my feet do their own thing. That was the deal-breaker for me. Secondarily, these didn't feel like zero drop shoes to me. I know they are supposed to be, but they sure seemed to lose a few millimeters from heel to toe. I think most would really like this shoe; wish it had worked for me. On sizing, I get my Hattoris in 9 and wear them without socks. I got these MBBAs in 9.5, which was the right size, but definitely with socks.
