Capezio Manhattan Character Shoe
I love these shoes! I was very skeptical at first because there were some negative reviews, but I am so happy that I did purchase them. Some of the reviews stated that there was a need to size up. You do not need to size up! At first they are a bit snug, but once you break them in they are perfect. The shoe is pretty good quality and my director loves them! I recommend them to all!
I ordered a half size larger than I wear, and it fit well. Because of the high heel, weight rests on ball of foot and there's no cushion in this shoe. This shoe looks and fits better than other character shoes I've tried.
These shoes are just great -- buy a size larger than street. So glad to find good dancing shoes in a wide width, and an appearance the envy of my dancing compatriots.
Felt smaller and narrower than size, but seems like it would be a comfortable shoe, so will try next size up.

I'm 48 years old and wear an 8.5 to 9 wide shoe. This fit well (true to size and width) style was adorable but I didn't like the color. Was a very flat looking black color, almost like a dusty black. I chose the "TicTacToe" shoe instead. It wasn't as cute in style but had a richer black faux leather texture.
The shoe is running 1 whole size smaller than what is advertised. I ordered a 10.5 and wear a 10 and it is still too small in the toe area.
Ouch! These shoes would have been very comfortable, but they pinched my little toes something awful. I ordered up a half size as recommended and they fit great, except for smashing my pinky toes.
Follow MGF instructions and order a size up! I read many reviews and it appeared that this wasn't really necessary, but I should have followed instructions.
I liked the way these looked out of the box. A nice, no-frills character shoe for acting. But there's no cushion in the insole and I disagree with reviewers who claim the shoe offers good arch support. I wear a size 5, and had to use the tightest hole on the strap, which worried me that I'd have problems down the road if they stretched. I ultimately chose the Leo's New York T-Strap instead.
Comfortable, good-looking shoe. Buy same as street size. Do not need half size bigger.
Good dance shoe for colder weather when wearing tights. Slightly narrow and short so I went a half size up.
Great shoes, but they run more than a full size small.
Starting hurting on the pinky toes after two hours of dancing with them. Still trying to break them in. Would buy it 1/2 size larger next time. 

I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them! Not only were they in her size (she does have big feet), but they were/are very comfortable. Thanks!
