Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Mexico 66® Slip-On
I'm going to have to call it quits on ordering this shoe online. The shoe size doesn't conform to normal shoe sizes. I wear size 8 1/2 and returned for a size 7 1/2. The size 7 1/2 was still a bit larger. Pretty disappointed because these shoes look really nice and was looking forward to wearing them but I'm just going to stick with the normal Mexico 66 style I always get. No disrespect on this style shoe by Asics but I'm just giving potential buyers a heads up before ordering this shoe.
These are summer shoes...I wear them with and without socks. They are not athletic shoes, so don't expect to go running in them, but they're comfortable for all day causal use. I find that the brand in general runs about a 1/2 size large. I highly recommend then, and I just ordered another pair in a different color.  
Super comfortable and attractive shoe! I use it to go to and from my workouts when I do not want to wear clunky running shoes with my leggings. Definitely order on the lower end of your size range.
This is my third pair of Onitsukas! They are great shoes! They are very comfortable. They do not provide much arch support, so if you need that, then you may want to reconsider these. Onitsukas are true to size, I wear a size 7, and these are very true. They are great kicks to just hang out in. You will not regret these, you may just get addicted and get more! I hope this helps!
Great shoes!  Love the way they look and feel.  Very comfortable.  Definitely order one-half size down as you want them to be a bit tight. 
What a great online shopping experience. Perfect size, style and service.
I've had this shoe for two months now and I adore them.  They are comfortable, versatile and great-looking. The arch support is outstanding, other than that it is a light shoe.   I also have big feet (size 10.5 women) but they don't look outsized in these shoes.   I wear them with and without socks and they are equally comfy.  On line now to buy another pair in a another color. 
I can usually buy sneakers online no problems knowing I am size 8. These, nope, too big, returning for a smaller size.
