Converse Kids All Star&reg; V3 Ox (Infant/Toddler)
These definitely run a 1/2 size bigger (size down).  My son loves his Converse, and I especially love the velcro.  Adorable with anything (dress up or down).
These are very cute shoes, but they run large. I had to return them. I got a size 7 for my 22 month old and they were like boats.
Love these shoes. They are so cute on my 4 year old. The Velcro straps are so much better than laces for kids who can't tie their own shoes. The only reason I'm giving them 4 starts instead of 5 is because they don't come in half sizes.
These Converse Kids All Star Black on Black sneakers were such a great purchase.  Fashionable, functional and stylish.  My 21 month old daughter really looks good in them.  My only complaint is that the size 6 toddler shoe I purchased fit more like a 6 1/2. Other than that I couldn't be more pleased.
Super cute on.  I originally wanted the tie up ones but they didn't have them in the right size.  These are perfect.  Believe it or not my 2 year old wore them for his Easter outfit and with jeans and they work for both.  
Just as any Converse kid shoe these run a little big, but super darling. My son wears a size 6 and so I got him a 7 and and he won't be wearing them for a long time.
Love these shoes. They are easy to put on and look super cute. I wish they came in more colors. The fit seems true to size.
We love these shoes! They are super cute and easy for our toddler to get on by herself. I think the sizing is a bit big...I ended up needing to get a smaller size after my first order. I have already needed to put the shoes through the wash and they turned out fine. The insole came out, but the plastic didn't yellow or anything. The shoes arrived at my door faster than predicted. I am glad I already have the next size up ready for when we need them...I would definitely recommend these to anyone!
These are adorable! My daughter loves them. They do run about a full size large. She usually wears a toddler size 8. I had to send them back for a size 7. They fit great with a little to spare. 

These shoes are very cute! I love the velcro for my 3 year old. They run a half to a full size too big. My daughter is an 8 1/2 and I got her the 8. She seems to like them. 
These shoes run a full size large. My 2 year old wears a size 8 in other shoes but a size 7 in these fit her perfectly. She loves them!
Great color. Great show. My daughter loves them. As with all converse all sTars they run a size smaller.
I love this shoe and love Converse for kids.  The velcro straps are a nice alternative to regular laced Chucks.  It makes it easier to wrangle shoes onto little feet, plus you still get the quality and iconic style.  The only thing is they seemed a little bit larger than I was expecting, maybe by a half-size.  It wasn't a problem though, she'll definitely grow into them.  Converse has been in my family for years, I will always love them!
These were great! They fit true to brand size. It helps if you know how adult all stars fit you. They run a bit long and very narrow. I knew this so the pair we got was perfect.
These were great! They fit true to brand size. It helps if you know how adult all stars fit you and they run a bit long and very narrow. I knew this so the pair we got was perfect.
Love these shoes! My daughter seems comfortable in them, and tries to put them on her dolls when she's not wearing them. The velcro makes them super easy to get on and off. Order a couple sizes down from the "sizing chart" though. The chart said I should get a 6, but a 4 would have fit better.
I love these shoes for my little girl who is almost 2!!! Super easy to put on and look cute with everything! They do run big so make sure and go down a size; they are not offered in half sizes. I suggest buying the size your kid just grew out of!! 

They're perfect! My 15 month old wears them to the park everyday. Easy to put on, easy to walk in and play in, even in the sand. 
Runs at least one size bigger than other shoes.

I purchased these shoes for my 3-year-old daughter.  She loves her sneakers and gets lots of compliments on them.  They do run large and I bought one size smaller than what she normally wears.  My only complaint is that the tongue sometimes bunchs around the toe.
Very comfy. Kids love them. They run wider/bigger than most shoes, but love them regardless. So easy for the kids to put on themselves, even my 2 year old. The velcros help give them a snugger fit if needed. Already bought the next size up for our girls.
I love these shoes! I got the cactus flower color for my 3.5 year old and they look adorable! She seems very comfortable in them too. I've tried the laced Converse on her in the same size and they fall off her feet. The velcro on this pair of shoes keeps them steady, so she can ride her bike or just run wild in them. I love the price too! I don't think I'll be spending a fortune on sneakers for my kids anymore, these work just fine. To repeat the other reviewers, they run really big. Be sure buy them in the size your child just grew out of.
Cute shoes, but were at least a full size bigger than what my daughter normally wears. 

