Sanuk Scurvy
These shoes/sandals are fantastic. I have a relatively wide foot and order a half size up in any shoe with a medium width. With that, I ordered these in a size 12 and they fit perfectly. If you're like me and want some casual shoes for the office and the beach then these are exceptional. They're extremely comfortable. I am very impressed with this brand and will definitely order Sanuk shoes in other styles.
These shoes are great. I now own 4 pairs of this brand of shoe. They have so many different patterns and colors that it's crazy fun to look at them all! These shoes go with everything and hold up for a long time! Being a college kid I'm out and about at work and class and stuff. These are easy to throw on and head out the door. You have the option do go with out without the laces (the laces aren't what holds the shoe on, elastic does). The laces do come untied quite easily. I'm trying to decide if I should just go without the laces or not. Or maybe just find a way to make them stay tied. My advice to you is that if you're going to order these without ever wearing this style from this brand get it 1/2 size smaller.
I bought these shoes for a new job. The job has me on my feet 8+ hours a day with constant walking, bending and squatting. I wanted these shoes to maintain my overall barefoot health. At first use, I went without socks, but quickly saw the flaws in this. The fast paced constant moving, created blisters. I quickly tossed on socks and have never looked back. The shoes are great and I now wear them beyond work. If you are into the minimalist footwear, with a nice bit of social acceptance, (unlike VFF) these shoes are an excellent choice. I went with a size bigger than my foot, to allow for more room. Something to consider if you plan to be active in these shoes. Overall, I would recommend these to anyone wanting minimalist footwear with the ability to use in social situations or during active work. Best of luck and have a wonderful day. 
The scurvy is very lightweight and very comfortable. I normally wear a size 10 but had to get a 11 because the 10 was way too tight. 
