Globe Tilt
These shoes are sick amd arrived really quickly. My local store didn't have them in size 14, but I found them here. These shoes look dope and fit perfectly on my big feet.
These shoes are fairly comfortable for my flat feet with wide toes and narrow heel. I wear them at work where I clean aquariums, they keep my feet dry and I don't slip on the wet floors. I typically choose skate shoes because they grip better and all the padding keeps water out, these did not disappoint. They grip better than the last 2 pairs of shoes I had for work. I haven't bought Globe shoes before but I will definitely consider this brand again. The shoe is really cute even though it's technically mens. I also like that it doesn't give me the "clown shoes" look that some skate shoes do. As far as fit they are a little snugger than some other shoes I own but they still seem true to size. My toes are quite wide and while they are touching the sides of the shoe they aren't being irritated. My narrow heel does slide around a little bit but I always have this problem. After 8-10 hours on my feet at work I don't have cramps in my arches like I did with my last pair of shoes.
These are pretty comfortable shoes. At first, I had little discomfort walking around in them. But, once I got used to the shoes, it has been really comfortable. These shoes are true to size.
Very comfortable, solid shoe. Fit is true to size and I can run faster and jump higher.
Great shoes! Just a little tighter that expected. Maybe order 1\2 size larger then normal.
Good shoe. Felt true to size, just takes a day or two to wear them in. Awesome for skateboarding, haven't had much wear and tear on them over past 3 weeks of owning them. Looks pretty nice too. ^_^
When I received these shoes I had ordered a 10.5, my normal size.  They proved to be a half a size too small and felt uncomfortable.  I sent them back for a refund (didn't take long) and then ordered a size 11.  I received my new pair in less than 24 hours (free 1 day shipping) and they fit perfectly and are pretty comfortable.  Besides that, they are a very cool and sturdy looking shoe.  Definitely recommend these.
Ordering certain things online like shoes can be a gamble as far a size goes, but the Globe Tilt's are spot on. Very comfortable and fit true to size. Liked them so much I bought another pair couple days later. Way too new to comment on durability, but all my other Globes held up very well over time. No worries, just buy 'em.
I have worn only Ipath shoes for the last 3 years, but their quality seems to be really lacking lately. So I decided to go back to Globe and am very satisfied with my purchase. Based on other reviews saying they felt 1/2 a size small, I stayed with a 12. I can wear 11.5's in some brands so I figured 12 would be fine. They were a bit snug at first but they are very comfortable now. If you are a full size 12, I would recommend trying the 13 first.
