Saucony Shadow 6000
One of the pair of shoes I have ever owned. Great support, lightweight and breathable. True to size.
I ordered a half size smaller than I usually do and the shoe fits well. Keep in mind that I like my shoes to fit snugly. I am very happy with the sneaker, comfy and stylish.
Finally a shoe as comfortable as Nike Air, and it's wide!
I have always loved Nike Air shoes because of their comfort, like walking on air literally! But these Saucony Shadow 6000s are a match to Nike Air Max as they are soo comfortable, and they come in wide sizes which Nike does NOT!!! The Nike air will make my toes go numb after 6-8 hours wearing them because of their narrow width. The Saucony shoes are the best of both worlds for a man like me, as I am a heavy man.
I hope Saucony keeps making the Shadow line of shoes forever. I have been wearing them for at least 10 years. They are comfortable, sturdy and durable. They have excellent support for running and walking. I have slightly wide feet with slightly narrow heels and they fit me perfectly and I am happy that they carry my size, which is a 5.
This shoe is true to size and width.  It is loaded with cushioned comfort and keeps my feet feeling fine all day.  I do a lot of walking and it keeps me from getting tired,achy feet and gives me a little spring in my step.  It is a sweet looking she,and I have gotten a lot of compliments from people on them.
I love this shoe. It's the only sports shoe to fit my feet properly in years. It even fits better than Reebok and Easy Spirit. 
I have Morton's Foot (a little complicated, but let's just say second toe longer than big toe) and need a longer size with just the right shape to accommodate the condition. This shoe does it. 
The Saucony Shadow 6000 also accepts my special orthotics, making for great foot comfort. Wore them all day right out of the box. Besides, the shoe makes my big feet look smaller. 
Love the look and the style. Even DH liked them. I went back to buy another pair just like them and they were out of stock! Groan! But I'll keep checking back, you can bet on it.

These are very cute shoes. Functional, too. True to size and width.
They hold the foot stable during exercise.

I think the Saucony 6000 is a very comfy , light weight shoe. It fits true to size and it is orthotic compatible. They especially work for me because I have serious foot problems. Over pronation, a torn tendon and bunions . They also make my feet look smaller than their actual size. I like that!
These shoes are cute and the cushioning inside feels great.  Unfortunately the toe box was not roomy enough and I could see my toe poking up through the mesh. Also, the shoe runs small.  I have a size 8.5 foot and ordered a 9. A 9.5 would have probably been better. Returned because of the toe box not being roomy enough.
I love these shoes. They are true to size for length and width. Several people have asked where I got them and I tell them ZAPPOS! I did add a custom insole, but that is because I have a high arch and arthritis. I can wear these all day every day!
