Nike Classic Cortez Nylon
These are very confortable and good looking, these are my current favorite sneakers. However a little comment: I am usually good with size 12 in Nike so I bought these in 12, however they feel very slightly tight, like I needed a 12½. Also the material is not the sturdiest so I think they will not last as long as the usual Nike sneaker. But overall I am very happy with them.
I ordered the black/white ones which appear to be the older version of the Cortez. Unfortunately, the bottom foam sole began to tear within a couple days of use and the nylon has been showing signs of burns as I sometimes drag my feet to dance. Comfort wise, the shoe is amazing, and it looks great as well. Quality wise (at least for the black and grey ones) is a no. Order a half size up as well.
These shoes are awesome. I normally wear a 9 but based on other reviews I went up a half size and they fit perfect. I got tons of comments on these shoes. They are super comfortable to wear. I would like to have gotten them in leather but I did not see this color as a leather option. I will definitely buy another pair when these wear out. Fantastic buy, you will not be disappointed. 
Great looking throw-back style! Shoes are comfortable but had to go up a half size. 
Great experience. Runs one size smaller, so just order next size up. Good quality.

I am old enough to have had the original and these are great! I had the originals in the 70's and these are true to the original with a lighter weight fabric. I normally wear 10½ and needed a 11½. As usual the swap was seamless and the bigger size arrived in 24 hours.
Super comfortable, old-school shoe. So cushiony you could even use it as a short distance running shoe. But definitely buy a whole size larger, as the Cortez runs notoriously small.
This shoe is a half size to a full size smaller than marked. And it is incredible NARROW.

I ordered these shoes because I couldn't find them for women. Luckily, I found them in a smaller size for men.  My granddaughter loves these shoes. I was able to find her a pair of women's about two years ago, but now I can't find them. These fit her fine.
I'm a big fan of Nike Cortez and wish that the company would reinstate the entire line. That said, these are fine shoes, true to size, wear well, clean easily and are comfortable. I can't ask for more.
