Saucony PowerGrid™ Triumph 9
I couldn't run a marathon without this. I am desperate looking for the CITRON/BLUE ones but they are out of stock! Please let me know as soon as you get hold of a pair size 7 for me please...
I have worn Rykas for decades, but have been unable to find a design from them that accommodates my right foot neuroma (I'm not a surgery candidate). I have tried Asics, Nike and New Balance shoes to exercise in...a costly experiment in shoe buying. I found this Saucony design recommended on a discussion site for foot problems and thought I might as well try them. They are great! Wide toe box, just enough cushioning and arch support, stability, felt already broken in, true to size and best of all I can exercise for 80 minutes day and not have to stop and start because of foot pain. I got two pair...in different brilliant colors and love them!
I selected "felt wider than marked" b/c i ordered '8.5 wide' and they were actually a wide shoe in every way!  The bottom of the shoe is very wide, so i'm balanced on the shoe w/ my wide feet, instead of other shoes brands which commonly just add more room in the material for their 'wide' sizes and you're foot barely stays inside the lines.  I'm very happy with them, they are super comfortable with alot of cushioning.  As the other review stated, there is ample toe room.  Some of the review said to order a 1/2 size up, however i recommend ordering your regular shoe size, i've always worn an 8.5 wide and these fit perfectly w/ plenty of room at the end. The shoes were expensive but worth it, i'm sticking with this brand from now on!
These are my new favorite running shoes. I have been wearing mostly Asics for 20 years but I was not happy with my last pair and was looking for something with a wider toe box. I love the cushioning in these and the extra room in the forefoot, while still fitting properly in the heel. I need to accommodate a bunion and these worked fine in the medium width. I had to send the wide back because they were actually too wide. I love the awesome colors, too. I did need to order half a size larger than my normal size, but that seems to be the rule with athletic shoes.
I hate to be the only reviewer, so far, who had a problem with these shoes. I tried them on, and they felt great! True to size and width, well cushioned, and supportive. I have problem feet and have had surgery several times. I tried them on at the end of the day (when my feet are really beat), and they still felt great. I wore them around the house that evening and decided they felt good enough to try for work the next day. I always wear shoes around the house for a few days before venturing outside, but these felt so good the first evening, I thought I had finally found my shoes. Sadly, the next day, my feet got progressively more sore and uncomfortable as I wore these shoes. It started in the left arch/inside ankle area (my usual trouble spot). When I took them off, my foot was throbbing, and even my toes hurt. On day two, I had the same exact pain in the right foot (not usually a trouble spot). By the time I gave up on day three, my feet hurt so badly that I was practically in tears. I called Saucony customer service to see if maybe these shoes needed a break-in period. Maybe I just over did it. They told me that their shoes are designed to be comfortable from day one and usually do not need a break-in period. Plus, any time that I have had to break in a shoe, it got better, not worse, with time. I used to wear the Saucony Integrity ST and did not have to break them in. Now, to the actual point of this review. The Saucony representative told me that this shoe is the update to the Triumph 8. The heel-to-toe differential has been lowered from a 12mm offset to an 8mm offset. That does not mean much to me, but any time an offset has been listed with a shoe I have worn, it has always been 12mm. The rep said that about 50 percent of the people who wore the Triumph 8 are having problems wearing the Triumph 9. I have never worn the Triumph 8, but I guess my feet are just used to a 12mm offset with other shoes. So if these shoes bother you, it may be the 8mm heel-to-toe offset.
Run true to size - do not order 1/2 size larger. Found this sneaker to have satisfactory cushioning. However, it just feels like brick on your foot. Not heavy but like you have a big sac on your foot. I didn't like the fit so I'm returning them. I still think these sneaker manufacturers are cheap with cushioning. This is supposed to be the premium plush sneaker and I said the cushioning was only satisfactory. I expect better but it doesn't seem to exist. I guess I shouldn't complain, the Glycerin 9 is actually firm. At least the triumph has cushion. My quest for a quality cushioned sneaker will continues.
I have a very large foot and I am 5'10" 160 lbs and Saucony and Asics are some of the only shoes that will carry stock in a 11.5 or 12 that also can with stand my size and not break down quickly. I love my Saucony shoes. They are the most comfortable shoes. I used to wear Nike and when I found this pair I was amazed how much pressure and return shock it took from my back. I have severe back problems and this brand is I think the best shoe I have found for comfort and functionality. Great product.
These are the very best running shoes that I have ever had. I tend to supinate or under pronate and I have wide feet, these Sauconys seem to be custom fit for my type of running and the shape of my feet. I am so very pleased as I have literally gone through so many different kinds and brands, Nike, Salomans, Asics and none have the comfort or the fit that these running shoes have. I did order Brooks Glycerin 9 and while they are rad, they were not wide enough either and not quite as comfortable - in my opinion. For a second pair of running shoes, I would order the Brooks Glycerin 9 if they become available in a wide size option. There is nothing worse than when your feet ache because the shoes are too tight and I also experienced shin splints because I ran in the wrong type of shoes for me. I am a marathoner and really stress the importance of finding the right shoe type for your running style and the shape of your feet. So if you supinate and have wide feet (or the beginning of bunions), I highly recommend these shoes.
Great shoe.  Excellent cushion for neutral runners.  True to size.  I ordered the wide width and they are perfect.
I previously had a pair of Triumph 7's and was happy with them.  I ordered the same size, and the new shoes fit perfect.  I was looking for a neutral shoe with good cushioning after getting a sore knee and thus far they have been great.
I have a neutral foot strike. I used Asics Nimbus (several) and Gel GT 1150 as well as Mizuno Wave Rider 15, and Saucony Triumphs currently. The Triumph 9 feel very roomy on front, although I order a size larger than usual. These are very comfortable, and I get enough feedback. These are the shoes I prefer the most. Lately I have preferred less cushioning, like the ones used for triathlons (Zoot). Triumphs have more cushioning than I'd like, but they are still the ones I use the most. They feel very similar to the Asics GT 1150, but these are roomier.
I normally have to go up a full size in my running shoes (I normally wear size 13 and 14 in running shoes). However, these shoes fit nice in the size 13, with a good thumbs width between the end of my big toe and the end of the shoe. I suggest not buying these half size up as you normally do when buying running shoes.
