Reebok RealFlex Transition
I bought these shoes for my husband. He works out in them and appreciates that they are lightweight. They are true to size, even with socks.
Loved the first generation of these, but this 2nd generation has more padding and isn't as comfortable. Still, I like them good enough for 4 stars. Felt 1/2 size smaller than first generation.
Excellent shoe! Very comfortable for everyday wear or as a workout shoe, looking to buy another pair already. They size small, I normally wear a 10-12 had to get an 11-12.
Picked up this for the gym as I was looking for a light shoe that was a true cross trainer, and I've been impressed after about three weeks of use of them. Good for running short distances and doing lateral movements. They definitely run a size small as I am typically a 12 but had to get a 13. The toe box is comfortably wide, but the inner heel could use a tiny bit more support. Nothing to fret about though. Only real complaint is I think they're a bit overpriced.
It's a very light shoe, but keep in mind I am used to wearing traditional running shoes like the Brooks Trance. I am usually a size 10.5 but in this I needed a 10. Very comfortable overall although it took a few days to break them in. I use these for Crossfit and not long distance running. Sometimes I wear them around town too. They are really cool looking. The only issue is that the grid/grip on the bottom of the shoe are kind of wide and occasionally a rock will get stuck. Other than that, I am very happy with these shoes.
These are my new favorite shoes to train in!  I'm a Nike fan, but I will stick to Nike only for basketball shoes.  

Reebok has impressed me with this lightweight shoe, that is great for wide fit.  These shoes fit just right, like a glove should fit, just right!  These are like the most comfortable socks in the world.  
I've been doing box jumps, bosu ball exercises, lunges, squats, uphill jog/sprinting intervals on the treadmill, stair master, jump rope, step ups with barbells, and I absolutely love them.  I bought two pairs.  Reebok for fitness baby!  
I don't get any foot pain, just soreness from the new muscles I workout with these on.

Go a half size up!

I half more of a flat arch, and these are great for me.  I'm 5'6 and weigh 185 lbs.  

