Merrell Barefoot Pace Glove
Got into the barefoot/minimalist trend over a year ago with a pair of New Balance's original barefoot shoes, starting to get hot spots now (after over a year of wear with running on trails, pavement, beaches, and normal walking around) so I was back in the market. New Balance didn't have anything that looked like the shoe I love, so I ordered my usual size in this Merrell and it is perfect and I just love them - snazzy look, minimal heel to toe drop, excellent sole, comfortable for me as I'm loving the minimalist style.  
This is my new favorite shoe. It is very lightweight, looks good, is true to size, and is comfortable even after long hours of wear. The only downside is that I have to wear socks with them, because the elastic on the back digs into my Achilles tendon and rubs it raw otherwise. Bottom line: recommended, and I am considering getting another pair.
These shoes run large. I was between a 7.5 and an 8 but decided to go with the 8 (I normally wear size 6 or 6.5 in dress shoes, but wear 7.5 or 8 in athletic shoes/sneakers). So far they have been very comfortable. I took them on a backpacking trip with me as camp shoes and they were comfortable and relaxing after a long day of wearing hiking boots. I also walked around with these a lot and really like the feel of them.
For a 60+ yo woman with plantar fasciitis, a heel spur, bunions on both feet and hammer toes, it is difficult to find a comfortable shoe. Finally tho, I found the Barefoot Pace shoe and now my feet are happy. I bought the 10W in Lavender, prob. the last one in that size. They fit true to size. I think without my bunions and hammer toes I would normally wear a 9 1/2 but that's in the past. I buy usually 1/2 size up for the extra room. The cool thing about the Pace Barefoot shoes is that they don't rub against my bunions or protruding hammer toes - okay that's gross but those of who have these "gnarled" feet need to find shoes that are soft on our tootsies. I wear thin socks with them because my feet sweat since I live in a warm climate. Because of the plantar fasciitis problem I have to wear some type of shoe in my house and these work well. They give my foot more support than slippers or moccasins but aren't clunky like regular sneakers. It is almost like walking barefoot. The color selections were pretty spiffy but unfortunately there was only once choice left in my wide size. Fortunately it was a color I gravitate toward  "When I am an old woman I shall wear purple...".
With 'barefoot' in name I was expecting a barefoot shoe.  What I got was a shoe with lots of built up support that immediately put my feet into stress.  On my first run I actually took off the shoes and completed the run sans shoes.  I briefly considered continuing the run to 'break in my feet' but immediately discounted that. I have been very happy running in the Pure Glove so I was a bit shocked by how uncomfortable these shoes are.  I would go back to the Pure Glove but I can't seem to find a pair in my size anymore -- size 6 women's.  
I cut a woman's hair who was wearing a pair of these and I thought they were really cute and when she told me they were like being barefoot I had to buy them. I generally do not ever wear tennis shoes except Converse because I hate clumpy looking shoes. However they do run half size too small. I sometimes wear 8 but mostly 8½. Even with bare feet they are too short and I will probably never wear socks with them so I had to exchange them for a size 9 but now have to wait until the chili pepper is back in stock. The color was as pictured.
