PF Flyers Center Hi Re-Issue
I love these shoes. I wear a size 15 and am kind of flat footed. I wear these primarily at the gym to lift and do some light cardio like jump rope or machines. I hope they make these as long as I live because I don't plan on ever buying a different gym shoe. 
I was kind of leery ordering these as I tried a pair of Converse on and they felt ultra cheap. PF Flyers are the bomb! Too cool & love the old school style. I love them & I am going to order another pair to have as a backup. I wear a 10 but needed to go 1/2 size larger.
Good light shoe. I took the arch support out because it felt a little strange. If you are used to Converse, the PF Flyers are a little narrower near the toes. You should also order a half size bigger than your Converse shoe size.
This is an excellent style. Make sure you buy a size or two higher if you have wide feet.
I had originally bought a size 13 for my boyfriend, but he only ended up needing a 12. The customer service I received was great, and we got the size 12 shoes the next day. I bought the 13s because I read that they run small, but the didn't for him. He absolutely loves them!
I bought these bad boys a few weeks ago. Thinking I picked the right size shoe but didn't. Called them up and sent me the size I needed the next day. I was so impressed by their service and how certius they were. That now I will be buying all my shoes from Zappo's. I would recommend them to anyone.
I will never buy Chuck Taylors again! Immediately when I saw these shoes I thought they looked great. After receiving them and wearing them I was so happy with the purchase. I got tons of comments on how great they look. I wore a pair of Converse one day after wearing these and the difference in the cushion and comfort was night and day. Chuck Taylors are cool and classic, but these shoes looks just as good if not better, and feel 100 times better on the feet. I ordered these half a size smaller than my Chuck Taylor All-Stars (which is actually my regular shoes size). These shoes do not run big or small. They just fit well from the first wear.
