Nike Kukini Free
I am a true fan of the Nike Free Run line and I happen to have a really large women's size 12...oh yeah. So I got the size 12 in the Kukini and they feel almost a full size smaller...not all the way but if you like additional room around your toes keep this in mind when you order your size. 

I LOVE the fit of these, I heard it said in other reviews but they do "fit like a glove". They are very light and flexible. 

The only think about them is that little tab on the top where the tongue usually is...well that rubs on my ankle a bit so I have to tuck it into itself of it would rube me raw right there. Granted you need this tab to help pull the shoe on so its useful but on me it rubs. 

Overall love these shoes, they look awesome, feel awesome, the only dock that I have is the fitting smaller and the tab on the top.

Happy running! 
I got them in red. They look amazing but not as comfortable as regular Free Run Nike. My size 9.5 in all Nikes; I have 5 pairs. Love them, but I bought 11 because they run smaller. I can't run in those but mostly wear just to get in and out from the car for quick shopping. It's just my opinion; maybe for other people they feel different.
These sneakers are great! Very comfortable and fit true to size.The no laces design is an added bonus and they are still easy to put on!
I bought these shoes in challenge red/mint and absolutely love them, particularly the color and eye-catching design. I was a bit worried about the no laces part of the shoes, but they fit like a glove. I was always slipping on my tennis shoes before and ruining the backs, but these shoes are a built with a sturdier back to take a beating and a cushioned collar keep your foot securely in place. A few things to consider: The shoes seem to run a bit small, particularly with the plastic 'cage' present around the shoe. I typically wear a size 9 in most brands, except for Asics, where I wear a 9 and a half. However, a 9 and a half in these shoes was very snug. These shoes are from Nike's Free line, meaning that they let your foot move around more than the typical shoe. I was so excited to get these that I made the mistake of wearing them straight for the first couple of days and my feet got really worn out! Unless you have someone to give you a foot rub, I'd gradually break them in. Also, the deep grooves on the sole aren't the best for walking off the beaten path, as they get small things (like twigs and pebbles) stuck between the white bottom segments. They're easy enough to get out though. Although I'm a runner, I've only used these shoes for walking so far. That said, they've held up well on a few extended hikes and seem secure enough that they could be used for working out.
I ordered the Challenge Red/Mint Candy/White. As far as the appearance they are beautiful. So much better in person. Extremely red and the blue/Mint candy is a great contrast. These shoes are extremely flexible, as they are supposed to be since they are part of the Nike Free line. You can literally fold them in half. They do not have much arch support though they are not really intended to because they hug your foot to come as close as possible to being barefoot. Speaking of hugging your foot, these shoes being slip ons can be a little difficult to get your foot into so be prepared. In this regard, they are very similar to slip on water shoes. However, they are extremely comfortable. They do stretch a little as you put them on and then snap back. I am an underpronater and though these shoes are intended for running, this shoe was referred to me to help with walking on the outside of my feet as I walked. I can definitely feel them somewhat correct this which is great. I typically wear a size 10 in Nikes so this is what I ordered but I would suggest purchasing a half size larger than what you typically wear with Nikes. I won't return these because I like the snug feel and the toe box is large enough that my toes don't feel cramped. If there was a little bit more selection in the colors, I would definitely order more and possibly try the half size larger just to see how it feels but I am not really a fan of the other two color options.
Love the shoe but it runs a whole size too small. Bought these for my daughter who wears a size 9 and they perfectly fit my size 8 feet. They aqua color is pretty and they are very comfy. My daughter really likes them. 
