Converse Jack Purcell® Leather
These shoes are great, I love them. Typically, I am a women's 7, but these felt a half size small. For women, I would recommend ordering a half size up. I agree that the previous details are missing, but these still are great looking shoes. Love the leather too.
Was true to size, even though the bottom of the sole is shown as black, it's actually a light blue. Not that big of a deal. Overall looks good and because it's leather, you can wear it out at night when hanging or drinking with friends.
These pairs look great. But the size is smaller than I expected. So I can't really enjoy wearing them. It hurts my feet.
Bought these as a Christmas gift for my little brother. They fit true to size and are very fashionable. He absolutely loves them! Great shoe!
I was agonizing over getting my actual size 9 or going 1/2 size smaller or 1 size smaller like other reviewers. Because my Chucks are full size smaller than normal, I played it safe one 1/2 size smaller and they fit like a glove. Even comparing my leather low Chucks to these...Chucks say size 8 and these are 8 1/2 but they both fit fine. I bought the all white. Great shoe, looks classier than the chucks. Love 'em! And of course super fast shipping!
This is my first pair of Converse, and I now understand why they have become a staple of American culture. These shoes are so light and comfortable you won't want to take them off.
I bought these to wear with a suit, in the "geek formal" style, and it was a good choice. The leather upper is high quality, smooth, dark, and the supple black leather that is going to last a while. The soles seem to be a bit higher quality than the other Converse I have seen, and have a pretty good grip for how smooth they are. The insoles are cushiony, but of course these are flats, so expect to feel the terrain you're walking on. These are not hiking shoes; these are designed for wear in the urban environment, and are definitely not running shoes. They're more about form than function, as there isn't a high amount of arch or ankle support.
The laces that come with them are a bit thinner than I desired, but they can be upgraded to the old school fat laces by buying them from websites which sell laces. The lace eyelets are sturdy and smooth, which will increase the overall life of your laces, since the friction is reduced.
These shoes are true to size, as far as I can tell. There is a warning that comes with them that states something along the lines of "this product contains dyed leather, and some color migration may occur." That basically means try not to get them wet, and expect your socks to be tinted black in the beginning, as the surface dye rubs off with the perspiration from your feet. If you plan to wear them with black socks, that isn't much of an issue. The only concern about color migration should be from the upper to the soles of the shoes (on the sides), and the bottom cuffs of your pants. I don't have experience with runny colors yet, so I can't report on it, but I expect it to happen. Overall, it's a great shoe for style and general urban walking.

I marked these as feeling true to size, but in truth they feel about a quarter size smaller than marked. I tried two sizes, and one was a bit too big, the other a bit too tight. I hoped in time that the bit too tight would open up, but that has yet to happen. The leather is quite nice and the padded tongue adds a nice comfort touch. The black color lets you daydream all day long about different lace colors you can try.
