Keen Kids Libby MJ (Toddler/Youth)
My 7 year old loves these. Very nice looking shoes and comfortable. We ordered size 2 and they are just the right size. Tried a 3 but due to the fact that Keens have a wide toe box, they just fell off.
Shoe perfection.  My 9 year old loves these shoes.  They were comfortable right out of the box and she wears them often.  They are a great, sturdy basic mary jane for every day use.  My daughter has a slightly wide food and these provide plenty of room for her.  We did end up keeping the size that is a full size smaller than what she wears in other shoes.  They run a tad big.  These shoes are tough...No doubt she will outgrow them before they wear out.  I love that!

These would be durable and comfortable school shoes for my active 7 yo. But run large, at least a 1/2 size. 
Well, I would love to say that these shoes worked out well because they look like they would really hold up, however these did not work out for my daughter. She typically wears a 1½W so I started off by ordering a 2. They were huge on her. I then reordered a size 1. The 1 was a little bit short but they were still extra wide for her feet I am very sorry to say that we had to send them back.
I bought these for my 6 year old. Her shoe size is a 12 and I ordered an 11 and 12 based on reading others reviews. I did decide to keep the 12 as I wanted longer use out of the shoe and they work fine. The shoes do run a little wide; however, in the winter she wears wool socks and so it does fill in the shoe. My daughter is also special needs and a toe dragger and she has yet to even make a dent in the front of the shoe. I highly recommend!
After reading reviews on how these run big, I ordered the size my daughter is currently wearing. She has plenty of room to grow in them and they fit great. She's worn them for 2 weeks straight now and they still look brand new. She's really tough on shoes, so it’s great to find a pair that can outlast her!

My daughter should wear a size 1 but she said those felt uncomfortable. The size 2 she really liked, so they seem to run a bit small (though maybe it was just her preference).  I love the toe bumper so they don't scuff when she crawls around on the ground.  Keens tend to run wider so that works well for her too.  I am so glad she liked these shoes because she is hard to fit in many medium width shoes.
I ordered these for my 3 year old girl. She wears an 8t but these must run large because I had to send back and get a size 7. They are a great shoe for her and she gets compliments about them all the time.
These are great, durable shoes for a little girl who wears them hard! The covered toe is holding up while many others have worn through by now on the blacktop/playground of her school. They are comfortable as well. Have the next size ready to go, too!
I am loving these shoes!

I have a very active little girl, who needed all black shoes for school.  Every pair I have tried have been ruined within a week.  She has had these for 3 weeks, and they look brand new!  

I love that the sole wraps up over the toe, and that the sole is non-marking.  She can wear these shoes all day, even to PE.

The shoes do run large.  We got the size 2, even though the size chart said she needed a 2 1/2.  I had heard that they run large, and the 2 has plenty of room for her to grow.
