Sperry Top-Sider Bahama Lace
These were my first pair of Sperry brand shoes and I purchased them because they're so versatile and comfortable. I need shoes that can get wet and dry fast, so that's why I say they're versatile. I don't think I need to explain how comfortable they are, but I will say that it was my primary reason for buying them.

Although I said that they feel true to size, they actually seem a bit long, but probably somewhere closer to a quarter size longer, rather then half. The width seems pretty accurate. Overall, the sizing is pretty accurate, and being able to adjust the lacing all the way around the shoe makes them easier to tighten, if you actually wanted them tight.

However, I think the reason you see some people say they're too long, while others say they're too small, is because they feel looser due to the laces stopping low on the foot, compared to how most shoes lace closer to the ankle. This gives your foot plenty of room to move in the shoe, because the shoe doesn't restrict the foot, as with most shoes.

After trying them on for the first time, I wondered if I could have worn a half size smaller then my normal size, but I really think it would have been too small and that my normal size is just right.
Nice style and well made top-sider.  However felt short and narrow for a size 10.  Would have preferred a navy blue canvas top instead.
Great fit - and great looking! They run pretty true to size - usually Sperry runs a bit big, but these fit. Comfortable as a sneaker, but better looking (for those times you can't wear a sneaker!). Matches pretty much everything!
These shoes are pretty comfortable, but I definitely recommend breaking them in with socks. I got horrible blisters the first time I wore them without socks. Also, buy them 1/2 size smaller than whatever size you wear in athletic shoes.
These shoes have the weirdest fit I've ever had. I got a half size smaller than normal because I wanted to make sure they didn't slip off the heel. They still have tons of room in the heel, so they still slip, but the toe box is narrow and pinches my little toe. Even after adding heel inserts they still slip. I would have returned them if I hadn't worn them outside for a day. My mistake for not trying them out in the house first.
