Salomon XA Pro 3D Ultra 2 GORE-TEX®
Love this shoe - a total workhorse in all seasons. I've had three pairs in various incarnations, all perfectly dry and warm in mud, rain, even sports. They do run truly a half-size small, so plan accordingly.
I'm amazed at this shoe.  I usually wear a size 12US and opted for a 12.5 and D width.  It is very comfortable and roomy.  The shoe has a lot of support and is rugged.  I am working at a mining site and these shoes are the perfect shoe for this terrain.  The lacing system is easy and the look is outstanding. From seeing other posts I decided to size 1/2 larger and increase the width and felt true to size from what I bought.
If it wasn't for the fact that all Salomon shoes seem to be designed for people with narrow feet, I love the look and rugged toe cap on these shoes. I wear a size 11. The 11 was too narrow in the toe box, but the 11½ was perfect in the toe box, but overall too long. The flex spot for bending the sole was off on the 11½. If you have a very short big toe, or feet that are pointy, these shoes might be perfect for you. I personally hate shoes that taper in and cut off space for the big toe. The shoes would be nicer if they were just slightly wider. Aesthetically, they should be slightly wider in the soles too. They do not look very meaty when you are wearing them looking down, they look narrower than my New Balance Trail Runners. I am used to wearing tactical boots and running shoes, so when I put them on and looked down at the top, their narrowness made affected the styling by making them look less aggressive and too feminine.
Wow! I have been looking for a sport shoe that gives good protection and is able to stand the rigorous environment of a rocky mining site. I cannot say enough about these shoes. From the reviews I bought the shoe 1/2 size bigger and wide. The fit was right on. The lacing is easy which allows for quick removal for entering areas where shoes are not allowed.
I love them. Just one thing, I wish they would make a wide. I had to a 1/2 size larger than normal to compensate. People with wide feet enjoy top of the line also??
One of the best pair of shoes I have purchased in awhile. I should have bought two pairs since they never seem to have size 13+ very often. Very comfortable and stylish! All around a great shoe! Fits well, true to size and I am on my feet most of the day and never get tired of standing in these shoes!
