Mizuno Wave® Inspire™ 8
Great shoe. Nice balance of support and comfort...can be worn entire day without issue. True to width and size.
I have flat feet and normally wear a size 15 medium stability shoe but my toes were just touching. To order a size larger would have made the shoe a whole size too large. In addition, wearing around the house I noticed the heel seemed a little spongy- I am 6'5" at 240lbs so that may have something to do with the heel feeling a little unstable. Other than that I thought the shoe looked great and well constructed. Returning the shoe to Zappo was quick and easy! 
I am a mild overpronator with a need for moderate stability; I purchased these after a disastrous experience with Brooks Adrenalines, which were simply too hard in the post for me. This was a fantastic change: not only was the support just right, the shoe is more breathable than any shoe I've ever worn in this category. I didn't even know what I had been missing in terms of shoe comfort. FWIW I wear a size 10.5 shoe for walking around, I've run a marathon comfortably on a size 10.5 shoe (so I'm not way past a 10.5 running shoe); I tried the Inspire in the 10.5 and 11 and I was definitely an 11. So these probably run about what most people expect from a running shoe: ~0.5 sizes larger than your walking-around shoe size.
Great shoe! This shoe is a half size smaller than usual. A great shoe for neutral to moderate support.
Normally I wear a 16 in any other sneaker. This shoe is true to size. Great fit, super light weight, great looks. Wearing them for about 6 months and still going strong.
I like the edgier styling of Mizuno, but because my foot is wider my choices are very limited. This style popped with color and that is what I was looking for. The shoe fit terrific, felt correct in size, but also in width. I would buy this style again. Two thumbs up.

I have worn the Inspire 5, 6,7 and 8. I love the 8. Loved the 5. Didn't love the 6 (less pronation support than the 5). Liked the 7 OK but not as much as the 5. I like the 8 better than all of them. Seems to have as much support as the 5 plus it seems to be a little more comfortable. I don't know if the 8 actually weighs less, but it feels lighter than the previous versions. I have tried other brands and other Mizunos, but I just don't like them as much as the Inspire. These shoes are perfect for my size (about 190 pounds).
Overall, a great shoe. Heel cushioning is excellent. I am a heel striker so this is key for me! Fit was a bit on the small side. I would advise going up if you are debating between sizes.
My foot has a very narrow heel, but I need more room in the toe box, i.e. impossible to fit. I also wear custom orthotics. I bought an 8.5 although my shoe size is 7 - a half size for socks, a half size for orthotics, and a half size to make certain my toes aren't pinched. These are absolutely the most comfortable shoes I've had. The shock absorbing heel makes walking (I definitely don't run anywhere!) a pleasure. And since the heel fits, I won't be seeing any blisters. Thank you, Mizuno, for making the perfect narrow shoe. I love 'em! 
Before purchasing these shoes, I had my feet analyzed at a runner's specialty store. These shoes were recommended (in a half size bigger than what I normally wear) for my over-pronated feet. I love them! They are cushion-y and not as heavy as I thought they would feel. Not many color choices available, but at least my feet don't hurt when I run :)
I love these shoes! They are a great investment. I am a novice runner, have high and collapsed arches, needed stability in my running shoes. My feet are average in width but I have narrow heels, making it tough to find a brand of sneakers (running, cross-training, hiking). Over the years, I have tried almost every brand under the sun (Ryka and New Balance were the last two). The Mizuno Wave Inspire 8 are the first shoes that fit my feet without being too narrow around the front or too loose around the heels. They are really light, too. I like the way the shoes are designed so you do not land on your heels. Nice. I replaced the insoles with Superfeet (green) insoles for more support. I found the ones that came with the shoes to be too flimsy. I would definitely recommend these shoes. They do run small. Based on prior reviews I bought a size 9, when I would normally buy 8 or 8½ for sneakers, depending on brand. Mizuno seems to run small. There is a little bit of room in front of the shoes, but I am afraid if I go down half a size, it would be too small. The width is perfect. Overall, they have not affected my running, so this must the the correct size.
I really wanted to love these shoes -- I love their appearance, and I can tell they're well built, in terms of cushioning and spring-ness. My only complaint is that they run really narrow. I wear an 8.5 medium in regular shoes; some can be too narrow, but usually the wide is too wide. For running shoes, I've been comparing 9 wides. These shoes are really, really narrow for a wide! Yet if I went up a 1/2 size, I fear they would be too long. Alas, I'll have to go with the less-good-looking (to me) Asics, which are more like what a wide should be.
These were still too narrow for my slightly wide foot. Even after ordering size larger and the wide. Was disappointed as they felt so comfy otherwise. They are a nice looking so also.
These are my third pair of Mizuno's and I couldn't be happier! They're lightweight but still provide the arch support I need for road running. Fit true to size but I imagine they may be a bit too narrow for someone with a wider foot. Definitely give these a try, you won't be disappointed!
I love these shoes. Mizuno is an amazing company with really quality shoes. I over pronate and these have kept me injury free. I never buy anything else. These are supportive, light, and super cute. You can't go wrong. I highly recommend! I only went a half size up rather than a full on these and they are perfect!
When I marked true to size, it means true to size for athletic shoes for me. I always have to go up one half size in athletic shoes for some reason. This is my second pair of Mizuno shoes and am planning to stick with this brand for quite some time due to excellent arch support (I overpronate). I love this brand!
I love these shoes. I used to have the Wave Inspire 6, and I was happy to order the Inspire 8 in the same size and have them fit the same way. I feel like shoe companies redesign the shoes so much that you can't even guess your size from one version to the next. Not so in this case. The shoes are solid and are meant for runners who need "stability" shoes. If you're not used to stability running shoes, these may not be for you. The black laces threw me off a little at first, but now I think they look kind of tough. I have somewhat narrow feet and I feel like these fit like a glove - they might not work for women with wider feet.
