adidas Originals Kids Samba®  Leather (Infant/Toddler)
These are great shoes! They have a great style and the black upper and darker brown sole hides dirt well. They seem true to size but the elastic laces do seem just a bit too tight. We removed them and replaced them with regular laces.
Cute shoe, good idea with the elastic laces so no need for tying, except they are too tight! Not too small, plenty of room in the toes (size 4), just too snug on the foot, with no adjust-ability with the elastic laces. My son is 12 months old, and is of average size (30% for height and weight) and these shoes are unwearable because they are just too tight!
We bought these shoes for my son when he was just two, now he is about to turn three and they still look great. I will be replacing with a larger size as they are getting a bit tight. I love the elastic laces and can live with the adjusting of the tongue in exchange for having slip on and go shoes.
Awesome looking little shoe that draws tons of compliments for my 3 year old. He seems comfortable in them and easily runs and climbs things at the park in them just fine. True to size but narrow. I don't find them that difficult to put on with the elastic laces (my son can even get them on himself) but I do have issues with the tongue sliding down or to the side quite often so we do have to adjust them. 
They're true to size. Excellent quality! I did snip the elastic laces and replace them with regular cotton ones, but other than that... perfect!
These shoes are awesome looking. I remember when I used to wear them. I ordered them in my son's usual size, but I have to agree with other reviews, they are incredible narrow. So hard to get on. I put it on my kiddo barefoot out of the box and I can not even imagine trying to do it with a sock on. A shame I will return because I think they are so cute on little boys.
Very light, but a little narrow. We ordered a half a size up to make it a little more comfortable. 
Bought these for my four year old.  They look great and true to size though a little narrow.  My only issue with them is the elastics are hard to stretch out and the tongue gets bunched up when sliding them on.  
I have always wanted a pair of these for myself & when I saw them in kids sizes I jumped to buy a pair for my son. I love them & so does my son. Anytime we're headed outside he reaches for his Adidas Sambas. He gets so many compliments on them. The elastic shoelaces are a little difficult to maneuver with thicker socks.
