New Balance M880
Made in USA which is always refreshing. Not true to size, I had to go from a 13 to a 14, but the these are the best running shoes I have ever purchased. For some reason they squeak at the heel, especially the left one, but it does not effect performance and/or comfort. I highly recommend this running shoe and would purchase them again.
I am extremely difficult to fit with one foot wider than the other, a narrow heel, wide forefoot especially on one foot, and under pronate. This is my first s2 last. I previously had 991. Much better fit. Zappo's was great to deal with. Made a mistake on the order called before shipping and they handled perfectly. I will do business with them again. I always find New Balance to run small compared to regular shoes and order 1/2 size larger.

Best fitting shoe for wide forefeet.
I have wide feet across the toes and forefoot. I own these in size 10, 2E width and they are by far the roomiest and most comfortable cushioned shoes I've worn. The toebox is super roomy and they don't have any poorly placed overlays to rub the sides or top of my toes. They are the only model that I've gone back to buy a second pair of. The sizing of these seems to run a bit smaller than usual. I wear a size 9 street shoe and usually get my runners in a 9.5, but I need a 10 in these. I've put about 300 miles on a pair and they still had a lot of wear left in the outsole, but I always ditch my runners after 300 miles or so and get a new pair.

Beware when ordering--
The overall construction of this shoe is ok but not up to older versions of New Balance shoes I purchased in the past. You have to order 1/2 size larger than previous New Balance shoes.

NB 880 vs. NB 879 - 
I found that the bottom end of the 880 was virtually identical to the NB-879. However, I am a little skeptical of all of the reviews I have seen from people who say that New Balance took their best cushioning shoe and made it better. The only difference (and I think it is a major difference if you mail order) is that I had to size up 1 full size from the NB-879 or normal casual dress shoe. I placed the soles of my 879's against the soles of my 880's and sure enough, my 10 1/2 879's were the same exact length as my 11 1/2 880's. And even then, I think I should have gone the next wider width. It probably had something to do with the different label, the one where they no longer say "Made in the USA" because less than 70% of the shoe is made in the USA now, not that the quality is any less, just the size. Still, it is the best purely cushioned shoe I have found for my high instep and high arches. This shoe still offers the flexibility I need for my foot dynamics. I have heard that any motion control is better than no motion control. Don't believe it! I spent a year of visits with the podiatrist undoing the mess that stability and motion control made of my lower legs. If you're a heavier than average runner, and you've got high arches and a high instep, and you put in some miles, stay away from the hard plastic and rigid midsoles. This shoe might be just what the doctor ordered. I'm 230 pounds and the 879 easily carried me 350 miles. I've only got 30 on the 880, but I have no reason to believe that this shoe won't carry me just as far. I rated this shoe a 4 in comfort, but only because I don't think you can go by the "size up" recommendations.
