Bloch Twist Sneaker
I purchased these shoes for Zumba and I love them! They are very comfortable but a bit slippery if not careful.  Per other reviews I read, I ordered a whole size larger and they were a perfect fit!
These are the best shoes for Zumba! I've had the Nike dance shoes for over 2 years and they give me blisters every week. These shoes made my feet so happy! I am usually a size 5 and I had to go up a full size and order a 6. Make sure to go up one size when you order these. You will be so happy with your purchase!
I love the look of this shoe, and they are comfortable if they fit. I recommend you order 2 sizes larger. I wear a 9-9.5 street shoe and ordered a 10.5. It was way too short. I think the width/circumference is great. Most shoes I find are way too big around the center of my foot. I marked the overall rating as 2 stars because they are unusable as a dance shoe. The spin spot is way too slick. I danced in them once and had to catch myself from falling several times. I then wore them on concrete and did lots of spins to try to scratch them up and wore them again. I was still not comfortable changing direction. So if you want a cute shoe to walk around in, go for it and order big. If you want a good dance shoe, skip this and go for the Bloch Boost.
To avoid a return, order a full size larger than your sneaker. I typically buy Leo's but found that these were just as comfortable but more streamlined, less clunky. Pivot is smooth, but the tread is soft and pliable. Lacing system is a bit sticky but it keeps everything in place. They lace higher than the Bloch Mesh Boost, giving more upper foot support. Light weight, nice style, I'm sold.
I had to order full size larger (thank you for free shipping)! But, I love these shoes. They feel weightless and so comfortable.
Love the shoe for Zumba. Great support and stylish! Went up a full size as did many of the Zumba students in my class.

My Zumba class is held on a synthetic turf, and the traction during twisting really put strain on my knees.  The slickness of the sole of this shoe eliminated that problem, but I would caution those who are new to Zumba or who tend to be uncoordinated because the lack of traction with this shoe could cause you to slip, even on a carpeted surface or on turf.

I normally wear a size 4.5, but I needed a 6.5 in this shoe.
Very comfortable and sharp looking.  I have to order 3 sizes up from normal.
I bought these shoes for my daughter who has a shoe size 7½. I purchased a size 9 so she has a little room to grow. 8½ fit perfectly. She likes the arch support and cushioning in the shoes.
Definitely order 1.5 sizes larger than normal. I got a 10 and normally wear 8.5. This shoe feels great and has great arch support. However, I teach Zumba, and it slides around on a hardwood floor due the center part of the ball of the sole. It would probably work great if I had to dance on a carpeted floor. The hard plastic should be reviewed by the manufacturer for something that has a little more hold on a slick floor. With that change, this shoe would be my favorite ever!!

There was a strange bump in the sole under the arch. Shoes were smaller than actual size.

Fantastic dance sneakers! Very light, great fit and most of all awesome support for your feet during high impact sessions. Styling is attractive even with Black on Black. The White on Black would have been Stunning for those who are exhibitionists and like to be seen in fashion. For men's sizing, go with 3 sizes larger than marked. And the price with free shipping can't be beat.
I followed the advice of others and ordered up a size and a half - ordered a 10 when I usually wear an 8.5. I wear them contra dancing, and they are comfortable and supportive - not super pretty, but no one is really that fashion concious at contra dancing events anyway!
I have the Bloch Boost DRT which I like.  This style is not as padded but more comfortable for zumba.  I get a lot of compliments on the style.  They are easy to move, twist and turn in.  I love the new styles Bloch is showing for dance shoes.  I would get a full size and a half larger.
I am so disappointed. I ordered a full size up in this shoe, but it was still too small. I am normally an 8½ in a sports shoe. In a 9½ in the Twist Sneaker my big toe was flush against the end of the shoe. Naturally, the next two sizes are unavailable. I would advise anyone trying this shoe to go up a size and a half to two sizes (especially if you plan to wear sports socks). Otherwise, the design is good. The slippery pivot point on the ball of the foot is positioned between two sole pads with good traction, so you will not slip.
Follow the reviewers' advice and order at least one full size up. These are very comfortable; however, need to go back because I didn't follow the reviewers' recommendations. Not sure of the arch support.
I like the shoe for zumba; it allows for easy pivots and salsa moves.  However, it runs at least a size small and may be too narrow if the dancer's feet are slightly wide.
I am a Zumba instructor and these are awesome. Light, perfect for salsa twisting, hip-hop jumping. Compared to the Bloch DRT dance sneaker these run smaller -- I am street size 8, size 9.5 was the best fit. Narrower than the DRT but comfortable (my foot is wide). More slippery than the DRT but expect that with the use it will get better -- in fact by my eighth song they felt pretty wonderful. Great buy.
Really liked these shoes. They felt funny and first, but I started my workout...then it was like, what shoes! If you do dance aerobics get the right shoes. These were great but I had to get 1.5 approximately sizes larger.
