ECCO Vibration II Toggle
Yes, this is a lightweight, stylish shoe for what it is, but I think that it does not provide much stability or support as some others.  I also think it runs a bit large.  You might need a size smaller as you would probably not wear a sock with this shoe.
I really like this look of this shoe, and it feels good, but the sizing is off--too big. I really wish Ecco would make shoes in half sizes. I wear an 8 and the size 39, which they claim fits 8-8.5, is always gigantic. Trying again with a 38, but I suspect that will be too small.
This may be the most comfortable shoe I have ever tried! I have narrow, low-volume feet, so this shoe worked great for me, though I can imagine it would seem very narrow to people who have average feet. My feet are also two different sizes, yet that didn't seem to matter with these shoes. The toggle lacing makes them nicely adaptable to individual feet, and also when your feet swell. I just wore them every day on a trip to the Southwest in which I did lots of walking in all kinds of terrain, and though I had two other pairs of shoes with me I wore these every day and had no foot pain (usually I change shoes two or three times a day to mitigate pain). Another reviewer mentioned the foot smell, and I noticed this too, that after a day of wearing, one's feet smell pretty ripe! But that's a small price to pay for what is to me nearly unbelievable comfort, given the difficult time I have always had getting shoes to fit.
If you are looking for a nice comfortable shoe - don't buy these! I gave them a 3 only because they look really great. I started buying Eccos years ago because of their comfort, support and cushioning inside the shoe. They really missed the mark here, focusing on style instead of comfort. These shoes felt snug, tight and narrow. The description said they were a "wide" but they felt really narrow. And apparently Ecco doesn't have 1/2 sizes. I wear a 9 1/2, it said these were 9 - 9 1/2 but they feel more like a 9, maybe an 8 1/2. I went to the store and tried a 10 and they were too big. I take a 3 mile walk every morning but when I wore these for the 1st time - I had to turn around and come back after 1/2 mile because they were so uncomfortable. In my opinion - not worth the price.
Isn't every ECCO style comfy? This gem will not disappoint, whether running errands or running through the airport, you will love this shoe. Def consider this shoe if you suffer with bunions and the fabric material works well with this deformity. I recommend that you order down a size.
