Saucony Originals Bullet
These shoes are great. Comfy, although not quite as comfy as the Jazz, but I think they look cooler. I did have to buy a 1/2-size up compared to the size I wore on the Jazz model. 
Looks cool, very light but comically narrow. I ordered a half size above normal, length was fine but I literally could not fit my foot inside the shoe!
Very lightweight and comfortable, but they seem to run about a half size small.  It's really a track shoe so there's not any cushion up front, so if your gonna be walking on the pavement I would go for the saucony jazz low, also very comfortable with similar classic styling.
Great shoes. Look very nice. I've gotten many complements wearing these. I replaced my old Onitsuka Tiger Asics casual wear shoes for these, but the only thing I liked from those shoes that these new shoes don't have is arch support. It feels like my heel has more cushion. I like when you can feel a bump on the arch of the sole. Don't forget to pick a size .5 larger than what you normally get (e.g 10 and 10.5). Saucony tends to run a bit smaller and tighter than other shoes because they are a running brand.
I ordered this shoe to get stylish, good shaped, lightweight and thin shoe. Saucony Originals Bullet provides everything mentioned BUT... I got 9.5US (43 EU) but it's small, much more small. Sizing chart says that it's EU 43 and I always buy US 9.5 shoes and they 99% fit me well. But this one is very strange, It is full size smaller then I expected. So I'm very disappointed in the size. :(
LOVE these!  So comfortable and the purple color I got is so cool.  I get lots of compliments.  They feel very light on your feet.  I mainly wear them to my fitness classes.  My shoe size can vary anywhere between size 7-8, depending on the shoe.  It's been my experience with form fitting sneakers that size 8 is what fits.  I got an 8 in these and they fit perfectly.  
Some good news and bad news on this pair from Saucony.  I use their running shoes, so got these for a more fashionable everyday shoe.  The color is great - goes really well with dark jeans and is a great sort of neutral that can be worn with lots of other colors.  I always like a little extra room in the ball of the foot and these didn't squeeze at all there (like lots of sneakers seem to).  The only thing that makes me sad is that I've only had them for a couple of months, and the suede part up front is already torn near the spot where it connects to the rubber sole.  Not sure if it's just a defect/bad luck or if this has been a problem with this particular style. Either way, this style from Saucony is a great option for a mom like me who wants an alternative to workout shoes that can be worn running around the city and on the playground with my son (he actually has a matching pair in toddler size).  
Fantastic !  Color is beautiful and fit so comfortable, because I need something that thin and flexible to feel like almost bare feet for doing Tai Chi.  Give more stability for doing balance.  I ordered one size bigger to give toes extra room when doing exercise, perfect.
The mail service was fast. My Qi Gong/Tai Chi teacher told me about this model; to order a size larger than my real size. Doing so has the feel of being barefoot. Perfect for class. I really like them.
I bought these in 11, my normal size is 10M. They are slightly big, but I think a 10 would have made my toes hit the front of the shoe. I wore them to the San Antonio zoo with hours of walking. There was no rubbing, no pain, they were extremely light and comfortable. Heaven!
Fit true to size.  I'm usually a 9 or 9.5 and these fit perfectly in a 9.  They're my favorite shoes for lifting, running or just hanging around.  They're very stylish and super comfy.  They're also more "barefoot" style so this makes them even more appealing to me.  Highly recommend.
