inov-8 Bare-X™ 180
Excellent shoes for squats! Match exactly description. I use them for crossfit exercises outdoor, usually in the mud. Not yet tried them for cross running, but the feel is as with Vibram five-fingers. I'm a short women with wide but short feet, I'm usually a size 7 but those are lightly too long by a 1/2cm for my foot. Wash well, laces are a bit too long. Support is good and tight around the ankle. Love them, would recommend them.
These are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I've ever owned. I have a painful vein malformation in my right foot and I've spent years looking for just the right fit. Needing a flat and wide shoe, I often defaulted to skateboarding-style shoes and felt terrible, as my interests are hiking, cycling, and definitely not skateboarding.

These shoes felt wide enough for both of my feet, although the style is not by any means wide looking. I ordered a 12 originally and had to size down to an 11.5, which is my true size (I ordered large for the wide toebox and didn't need it- they are very roomy). They are super light and the sole is unbelievably flexible. I have had no problems with stability or pain of any kind despite the "barefoot" style. The insole is so comfortable, I have foregone my usual Dr. Scholl's insert. 

I was thinking between these and shoes by Vivobarefoot, and found these to be more comfortable, more flexible, lighter weight, and more fun to walk in. The Vivobarefoots had too little cushioning in the ball of the foot. These aren't cushy, but there's a good resistance.

The bottom of the sole has a cool skeleton pattern. I can dig it. 

The laces are comfortable and don't dig. The tongues kept sliding off to the sides, but there's a little stabilizing strap in the center. I tied a basic knot around it as I laced up the shoe and never had another issue with sliding since.

These shoes are minimalist, perfect for travel, and I feel like I can walk miles in them. 5/5 stars!
Great minimalist shoe. I removed the sock liner and ran in socks. I've done several long runs in these shoes and am very happy with them. You get the road feel of the Vibram Five Fingers without the constricted toe feeling. I like a big toe box, so I ended up sizing up 1 size. It felt about 1/2 size too small for me. This is the first shoe to offer any meaningful competition to the SoftStar Moc3. I like it much better than the Vivo Barefoot Evo II (terrible uppers, very stiff!).
Definitely digging this for Crossfit and Running. I ordered the XF-180s at the same time but they were noticeably stiffer across the top, which for running would be annoying. There isn't much difference other than that, but it did make a big difference in comfort level for me so I went with the 180's and I dig 'em. They are supposed to fit more similar to 5-fingers so make sure you size down a half size or so.
These are great shoes. They fit a little bigger than my inov-8 F-lite 195s by a half size. Great barefoot feel. Good for short running and just about anything else. I did some squats with them the other day (I normally wear weightlifting shoes for squats) and they were great. I would buy these and other inov-8 shoes again in the future.
Love these shoes!  My second pair.  I use them for CrossFit.  Sizing is accurate to my normal shoe size.  Shoe may feel wide if you are used to a snug fitting running shoe.  
