PUMA Zandy Wn's
This shoe is super cute but the heel was a little too hard and mostly it just ran too small for my size 11 feet. Sad face. Have to send them back.
I Love these shoes!  They are very comfortable and true to size.  They have a lot of cushion.  So cute and comfortable! I wore them to work on casual day with Khakis and received so many compliments.  Well worth the money.  
Great shoe! Super comfy and stylish. I can also wear this shoe with slacks for work and it looks good!
Oddly enough this shoe fits exactly as I need. I've gotten so used to ordering Pumas a 1/2 size up that when I originally ordered them I got a 7.5, but then had to send them back for a 7.
These are super-cute, even in a size 10! The patent leather makes them a little dressier than most athletic brand flats and I get compliments every time I wear them. Comfortable right out of the box.
Comfy and cute shoes for my commute.  See a little larger than my actual size but not so much that I cannot wear them.
Love this shoe! Very stylish for an "athletic" shoe. Bought it because I was going on a trip and doing lots of walking in summer months when my feet swell. Because of that, I chose to buy a half size bigger and placed an insole in it to take up the little bit of extra space. Like having on bedroom shoes! So comfortable. I'm 53 and my 23 year old very hip daughter bought herself a pair after seeing mine. They look best with light-colored pants, shorts. Will probably buy a darker pair for winter. This is now my go-to shoe, passing by all of my cute summer sandals and designer flats! Great purchase!
I bought these Pumas for a summer trip to Hawaii and they proved to be fabulous! They are comfortable, look great and they are easy to pack. The fit was perfect in size 6 and had enough room in the toe area. So often when a shoe has a rounded toe box, they are too tight. These were spot on!
An adorable shoe, and very comfortable. The fit feels very true to size and the style is absolutely darling. There doesn't seem to be any arch support, but it felt comfy. I am returning only because I didn't like the color on me. My sister has this shoe and it is absolutely adorable with short skirts, cropped pants, etc.
