Merrell Barefoot Bare Access Arc
This is my favorite pair of tennies - I wear them everyday. The are so light and so comfortable and provide just enough support. You have to order a half size bigger and if you have never worn barefoot shoes before they feel strange - you need to cinch in the laces at your ankle and just let your toes be free!
I like to wear these on semi-hard surfaces, like compacted dirt, but not so much for running a lot on hard pavement. That said, I do wear them when I run 5k races because they are light as a feather and offer just enough cushioning to make it through the race, but for my day to day pavement runs I have to go with something that has more cushioning in the toe/ball of foot area. These offer a bit of arch support, but not a lot. There's a little bit more than nothing, but less than your standard running shoe. Overall I think these are a great shoe for someone transitioning into barefoot/minimalist running, because there is enough cushioning that you can run with your heel hitting the ground first and you wont hurt yourself. I also love these shoes when I run in the rain. I ran in a downpour that made it hard to see, but the shoes stayed comfortable and still felt light and never felt water logged, even though I was running through moving water. I do want to note that these are very roomy in the toe and didn't fit as well as other Merrell shoes of the same size. I can't sprint in them because my feet slip in the toe, but jogging is fine. Oh yeah, for the colors, I got the smoke one. I wasn't so sure about it when I saw it online, but it's really nice when you get it out of the box. I dislike white shoes (they make me feel old), but these have enough color on them that they look cool.
Feels really comfortable and the support is good for my work out and runs.  Feels 1/2 size too small, though, so I plan to exchange for next size up.
These are amazing. I am consistently a size 9, and the 9 fit perfectly (barefoot - no socks). I've been running for a few months, training for a half marathon that is two weeks away at this point. I started training with Vibram FiveFingers shoes (the ones with separate toes and intentionally no arch support or cushioning) and I love them, but about a month ago, I started having IT band problems (strained tendon) and even with rest, it wouldn't get better, so I needed new shoes fast. These were perfect because they let me keep running without socks, and with barefoot type feel, but with some cushioning and arch support. I think my IT band problem was that I was overpronating, and my first run today was great because these shoes prevent overpronation, but they don't prevent the correct amount of pronation, or restrict motion at all. The shoes are super lightweight, and stiff in the back, but flexible in the front to allow your forefoot more movement. The toebox is roomy so your toes can spread out and grip, and help prevent blisters. You could wear them with socks, but they're super comfortable without them, and were clearly designed with minimal seams to accommodate bare feet. Get them! I got the color that is white with grey and blue accents and think they look pretty cute - definitely better in person than in the pictures. Oh, and these would be great for walking as well - they have a good amount of heel cushioning as opposed to some barefoot style shoes that work for running but not walking because of the lack of cushioning (you land more forward on your foot while running than walking - or at least I do).
A note on width: Another review mentioned that the regular width (the only width Merrell offers on this shoe) was fine for wide feet. I disagree. It's been my experience with every Merrel shoe I've tried that their normal width is actually a bit on the narrow side. They are definitely too narrow for my slightly wide feet. The length was perfect. I ordered my normal size (a 10) and had just a tiny bit of room at the toes. If they came in a wide width, they'd be the perfect shoe.
Love these comfy shoes! Do order 1/2 size larger than normal. The lightest shoes ever with good support and they will be my go to shoes this summer.
I really like these shoes overall.  They were a bit short so I had to send the first pair back and order a half size larger.  The toe box is nice and wide, but I wish it was a little taller.  They give just a little arch support, which is great for me.  
