New Balance WT1010
So happy to find a more minimal style running shoe available in different widths! Because there isn't a lot of padding, it's even more important that they fit well, and these do. The narrow width keeps my foot from sliding around, and yet my toes don't feel cramped at all (I ordered a half-size up from my regular street shoe, instead of a full size larger like I do with traditional running shoes). My running form was decent already, but the first time out I must have overcompensated by running on my toes because my calves were quite sore after a short run. After that I just tried to run normally, and they've been great. My Asics haven't left the closet since these arrived!
I have been wearing Minimus 20v1 since August 2011 and finally found an upgrade worth the money. I purchased Minimus 1010 a few days ago and couldn't be more happier about these shoes. I love the color and everything about the shoe. The fit is slightly looser on the toes even though I ordered the same size but it has no effect to its functionality. I mainly use them for CrossFit and weight training. But I mainly appreciate them when I do CrossFit. Also, I don't wear socks with them and I'm used to them since 2009 when I used to wear vibrams. They are very light and for anyone new to minimalist shoes the first week you will feel sore on your calves, shin and possibly a few blisters. A++
I loved these! I have been wearing Minimus shoes for about 6 months now and have fully adjusted. It does take a little time if you're used to full running shoes, which I was. I have worn Asics for years and ran two half marathons comfortably in my Asics. I started wearing Minimus NB shoes because I travel a lot and my regular shoes are just so big and clunky they often missed the cut to make it into my suitcase, so I wanted something light and small to pack. I quickly fell in love with these! I first started with the 20v20 trail shoes which are actually lighter and less cushion than these, thus more barefoot feeling. I truly love them! I will say give them time if you're not used to the barefoot running feeling, as different parts of your feet and legs take some adjusting. The first time I ran in my Minimus 20v20s I HATED them. But I gave them a month and now I am a huge fan. These are even more cushioned than my first pair, so I would say these are a great place to start if you're looking to downsize your shoes into minimal running style. These are the most cushioned NB Mimimus shoes I have seen yet- so they are a great start.
