Merrell Barefoot Tough Glove
Heads up on the sizes. I find EUR sizes to be the only consistent ones and I was looking for a 41-42. I bought the size 9 because the size chart says that is a 42 EUR, but in this shoe it is actually a 43 EUR, so they are a bit bigger than I wanted. Should've returned them, but too late now.
I live these shoes! This is my first pair of minimalist footwear and am highly impressed. I love low profile, lightweight footwear and these are my heaven. I am a bellman and wear these shoes at work for up to 12 hours a day and they still feel great at the end of the day. They are even more comfortable worn without socks. They are like a tough-bottomed pair of soft leather socks themselves. Their size ran true to my wide size 11. I love the wide toe box!
Had to order these a full size smaller than I usually get. Otherwise, quite comfortable. The zero drop and minimal sole make for interesting walking, but as others have said...they look normal enough for business casual.
Simple - Nice looking - Comfortable shoe. Wish they made it for women! I was lucky to get the last size 7 mens to fit my size 9 women feet.
I like these shoes a lot. They are feather light, extremely soft leather, and fit my size 12 feet very well. I wear them all the time and have used them on a few 6+ mile day hikes. Issues? Only that the shoes arrived with the edges of the tongues slightly rolled. I had to stretch and pull to get them to lay flat...then they just rolled up again after I'd worn them a few days. I probably should have returned them right away because it was likely a problem with that particular pair. Caution: With any "barefoot" type of shoes be careful to give your legs time to adapt. Plan on a three-six week period of gradual adjustment before doing any substantial running or hiking. You'll need to change your gait and strengthen some unused muscles. It will happen naturally if you pay attention to your feet and calves!
Great footwear! I have a size 15 and these fit and feel great. I'm into the barefoot line with all that is offered so I really like these. Casual enough to wear with jeans or shorts. It should be understood that most barefoot shoes do not offer good arch support for a reason.
I got into barefoot running about a year ago and wanted to get some non-athletic/casual-looking barefoot shoes that I could wear to work. These fit great and are quite a bit more stylish than the typical barefoot running shoes. Also, if I miss a week of running, these keep my feet, ankles, knees, etc. in barefoot 'shape'. I bought mine a half size larger than my running shoes because I wanted to wear a thin sock. At first, they felt seemed slightly too big because I was used to the snug fit of my barefoot running shoes, but now I'm glad that I stayed with the half-size larger. Since I'm not running in these, a tiny bit more movement actually works out great.
I bought these as travel shoes (they save almost a pound in carry-on). I have Merrell Moab ventilators and bought the same size. The traction and fit is same as Moab. Similarly, though, felt arch support inadequate, use Superfeet insert (for these, dress shoe style) and now they are really as comfortable as Moab.
