Tsukihoshi Kids Wheel (Toddler/Youth)
We love them. We have them in larger sizes in case they stop making them. They are great for kids with wide feet, too.
I got this shoe in size 7 (silver/orange) for my 21 month old son. I originally got it for my daughter (size 11, silver/pink) and my son would not stop wearing them around the house, so I knew I had to get him his own pair. He loves them! They are very easy to get on and off. The tongue of the shoe is split all the way down one side so that you can easily get a fat, kicking toddler foot in. And, the toddler can do the velcro himself, which is a big plus. These shoes are very flexible--you can bend them completely in half. Also, they have great tread on the bottom--enough that my son can climb up the slides at the playground, making him very happy. I am even pleased with my color choice. It doesn't even look dirty after a month of use.
Hands down the best brand of shoes I have purchased for my 4 kids. They wear incredible, are washable, and according to the kids very comfortable. I wish they had more choices in the bigger kid's sizes. I'll be bummed when we cannot get them anymore. I've probably purchased over 30 pairs and they are all the same...fantastic!
These sneaks are amazing. My son loves them so much, we had to buy them in the next size. They are extremely durable, and very lightweight. The best part is that they are machine washable, and seem to hold up very well. They look like they are still brand new. Love them. They are a little pricey for kid's, but I feel they are worth it!
This was the second time I purchased Tsukihoshi sneakers for my 3 year old. He wore is other pair all last summer and they still look great because you can put them in the washing machine.  This pair is great too, already have washed them once.  The fit is true to size. Them seem supportive, yet light and flexible at the same time.  Expensive, but worth the money. 
Bought 7.5 toddler size for my 3-year old son.  Wide and too big for him.  He wears size 7.5 of other shoes so this shoes will fit him when he grows a bit bigger.  The toes are easy to get scratchy but other than that, shoes are easy for my son to slip on and he likes them.
Awesome sneakers. My son has had 5 pairs of these shoes. He has worn this style of sneaker exclusively for the past 3 years. They are extremely flexible, and as such the soles may not last as long as some other brands. They are the most comfortable shoes you can buy for a child with a extra wide foot. I don't know what we'll do now that he's outgrowing the largest size.
We ordered two sizes of this shoe, as the reviews stated Tsukihoshi sizing ran much larger than other shoes.  They were around a full size larger.  They seemed very light and thin.  Not very supportive.  They were totally worn out in about four months--and our son is very easy on shoes; they usually look like new  by the time he's outgrown them.  We had also kept the larger size thinking if they worked out he'd have his next shoes ready, but after their poor performance, we are sending them back for a refund.  This is my only experience with this brand.  I was going by the review I had read here, but we certainly didn't get good results.
Great shoe! My son loves these shoes so much, he calls them his "cool shoes". They wear well, do not show dirt, are indeed washable and just look great. We bought a 7.5 pair when he was a size 7 in July 2010. We just measured his feet again this January 2011 and he is now a size 7.5 and there is still a fair amount of room in these shoes! We went ahead and ordered some larger sizes for the future.
Very cute sneakers.  They seem easy for kids to put on themselves and are very light weight.  The fact that they say they can be machine washed is a definite bonus also.  However, order a full size smaller than your child wears.  The sizing is way off and they are enormous!  
Love the shoe; however, it runs a full size too big.  My daughter wears a size 12 and I had to return for an 11. My daughter loves them as well, as she hates clunky, heavy shoes and these are very light.  Would definitely order them again!
The shoe looks great; however, it runs really big, more than a size bigger.
Fantastic shoes - light, flexible, and great looking. My 3 year old daughter loves them and wants to wear them all the time. I thought they would get dirty fast, but they are holding up surprisingly well. My 6 year old has a different model of Tsukihoshi sneakers, and they are also her favorite. Based on other reviews I got a full size smaller than usual, and they are perfect, even with some room to grow.

LOVE these shoes. They are extremely comfortable, flexible, and the cross strap allows easy on/off and ability to cinch the shoe tighter over a narrow foot, but they do run a bit big. I would agree with the other reviewers that you should buy a half size down.

Love, love these shoes!!! They are well made, light, and provide perfect stability/support for little feet in action! I am actually buying the next size up today for my daughter... just not sure which color I am going to pick.

My daughter absolutely loves these shoes! They are an excellent color combination and very girly. She's 5 and started school this year and wear them for PE. I must say they are about a whole size too big even though we did order her current size 11; however, I won't complain because now with the quality and bigger size they will last much longer than expected!
These are pretty cute for my 3 yr old who loves comfy pink shoes! She's only worn them around the house so far because we got them for school starting at the end of summer. They seem to fit true to size except for maybe being a bit wide, and should be easy for her to put on/take off by herself. I only wish the velcro strap was a little more feminine and not so chunky & wide, but still a very cute shoe!
Love these shoes for my daughter.  They are super cute and she can put them on herself!
We have had 2 pair and am going to order a 3rd pair when we need the next size.
They definitely run a 1/2 size to 1 size big.
Awesome shoes...this was our second pair. My daughter's school likes Velcro strap as the kids can't tie shoes. I also would order down a 1/2 size like others recommended.
