Keen Kids Coronado H&L (Infant/Toddler)
I bought these for my 15 month old daughter. These shoes are very very cute and I was excited for her to wear them but I put them on her without socks, but by the time I got our stuff together to head out the door to run some errands (15 minutes, tops), she was crying on the floor trying desperately to get her shoes off. When I got them off, there was blood on the inside of the shoe and a raw spot on her inner ankle. Maybe the size of a pencil's eraser. The shoes are easy to get on, but not so easy to get off. They are very cute, but none of that matters when they cut up my daughter's foot in under 20 minutes of wearing. Maybe I should have had her wear socks, but I do not know why she should have to wear socks with shoes. Besides, if she had worn socks she probably would have gotten a blister, anyway. I would give these zero stars for comfort, if I could.
Love these shoes! Very cute and well made. They are a little stiff, but that doesn't seem to bother my son. He also has a high instep and these fit great. I would say that they do run a little big, so you probably shouldn't order up. He is almost 2 and I ordered him a size 6.
Our son has been wearing these for a few months now and they've been a great shoe. Very durable shoe and the keen toe cap is great for when he's crawling around. The blue goes with everything, so all around a great shoe. Liked them so much, we just ordered the next size up. 
My kid lives in these! He has had them in multiple sizes, and loves them. They have a nice wide toe box for little toes, which need to spread out for balance and have room to grow. The elastic and Velcro fastening keeps them snugly on his foot without pinching.
We bought a pair of these in black last year and they have been great. Fit well from day one, and really stood up to wear and tear. We're moving to the next size up now. And yes, my toddler, too, has thick feet!
Great Shoe, Great Fit!!! My son is 20 months and has cute fat feet. It has been hard to find a cute shoe that fits his foot well and this shoe fits the bill. He seems to prefer these over others. In addition to the fit they go on easily but don't fall off when he is playing/running. I'm seriously considering a second pair in the next size up.
I love these shoes. Our son has chunky feet and we have a hard time finding him shoes that fit well. These are wonderful and the strap is adjustable, which works really well. We just ordered the next size up, so we could have a second pair when he grows out of this pair. Good price and very good value.
Looked cute on the website and in person. Very stiff sole. Daughter had a hard time walking in these. Seemed to be a half size larger. I think the canvas would also rub against daughter's ankle and sides of her foot it she wore these. Sent them back.
These shoes run really wide, so they are GREAT for little ones with wide feet. :-) They also run big, my daughter wears Keens a size smaller than all her other shoes.
