Capezio Kids Jr. Tyette N625C (Toddler/Youth)
Unless your child has very narrow feet I would get wide.  I bought a half size larger than street shoes (I could have went a whole size larger and had a little more growing room) and a wide and they fit my daughter very well. 
Ordered a half size up wide and they fit perfect. Great choice. My daughter loves them. 
Run very small - ordered a W and a size up, and could hardly get on my daughter's foot.
The shoes were true to size which is sometimes difficult with patent leather. They worked out perfectly.
Great tap shoes! They are so cute and I bought them a little big like other reviewers suggested (about a half size up) so they would last the rest of this year. The elastic straps are tight enough to keep the shoes secure even though they have a little room for growth. Fast shipping! Took 2 days!
Pretty shoe, my daughter loved the thick bow, unfortunately, we just couldn't find a fit.  Order up a size at least!  They are very, very narrow.
Good shoes overall, nice elastic strap under the tie so young kids can get them on and off easily. We use them without the bow most of the time. They run small, I should have gone 1/2 size bigger they fit but will grow out of soon.
These are good tap shoes. They seem to work well for my 4 year old's dance class. We took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a wide, despite her normal size being medium, and are glad we did. These shoes look nice on. Would buy them again.

When they arrived it was very obvious they run incredibly small. I thought I was ordering a size up already since my daughter wears a 9 in normal shoes like vans or converse all star shoes. In fact, nines are a tad big on her. This are very narrow. Had to return.
Perfect fit for my 2 year old daughter. They don't have her size at any local store and this was so easy.
These shoes fit perfectly for my daughter. She loves them. I've read other reviews of this shoe that said the shoe was narrow for their kids. My daughter does have a somewhat narrow foot, so her normal shoe size was perfect. I am a former dancer and I can say that if your child's foot feels snug (width wise) I would recommend them wearing the shoes around the house with a thick sock to stretch the leather. The leather is lovely and soft, so I think it would stretch easily. We love these shoes. The house is tapping away!
I followed the advice of others and bought my daughter a half size bigger and the wide width, although her foot is not normally wide. They fit great. They are comfortable and cute.
These are nice tap shoes and sufficient for what an almost 4 year old needs for her dance class. I think they run a little wide through the arch but the toe box is medium. The elastic on top of the shoe is loose but the ribbon tied tighter works to keep the shoes on her feet. She likes wearing socks with them but they do have a slight cushion on the inside. She wears a 10 or 10 1/2 in Keen shoes and I had to go a size smaller on these.
After reading the other customer reviews I ordered my daughter's regular size, as recently measured at Nordstroms. Although the shoes were fine length-wise, they are extremely narrow. My daughter has an average-width foot, and I could barely squeeze her into these. I ended up purchasing them 1/2 size larger and in a wide-width and they fit perfectly. I would recommend these as they are well-constructed and perfect for tap class, but I'd consider sizing up and getting the wider width.
