Bloch Dance Sneaker
Get a whole size bigger if you are going to wear with socks, even thin socks. Very flexible and comfortable. Tongue is sewn in on sides so they may seem narrow at first but when you start moving around they adjust to your foot.
I teach Balletone and these shoes are perfect. I am size 7.5 and I order size 8.5 and they fit perfect, so they fit one size smaller. Love them!
These shoes work great for Zumba! The first day I used them my feet were slipping all over, but after a few more tries they work great. I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 so I initially ordered a 10 since people were saying to order a size bigger. That was way too big. So, I ordered a 9, and they fit great. They are narrow, however, and fit snugly.
Great shoe for Zumba -- lightweight, sole good for turns, flexible, etc. but you really do need a full size larger, maybe more. In sneakers, I opt for a half size bigger than street shoes. This shoe needed to be one-and-a-half sizes bigger than my street shoes.
These shoes were extremely small. I ordered 3 pairs size 4 to 5 for my granddaughter who is in a 3.5. She could not get them on her feet. They were "womens" but wonder if they were totally mis-sized.
Great flexibility and comfort for dancing.  Does retain odor.  Needed to buy a full size larger than usual.
My shoe size varies from 9.5 to 10. So I took to heart what was said about ordering a size larger, but didn't want to go too large. I ordered a 10.5 and its just right. Fits nicely and allows me to do all the Zumba moves that were difficult to do with the athletic sneakers. 
Ordered these Monday and received them today (Thursday)! Bought these based on reviews and I love them! Just tried them on and don't even need socks. I wear an 8-8 1/2 shoe and an 8 1/2 sneaker. Took advice and ordered full size up from sneaker which is 9 1/2 and they fit great! Even with pinky toe bunion they are comfy. They slide and pivot on the carpet which is great too. Can't wait to try them out with my zumba tapes (waiting for DVD to get fixed!).
These shoes are perfect for Zumba! I did order one size larger than I normally wear because I have bunions.  This was the perfect adjustment for me.  
I bought these for Zumba class based on others' reviews. They were a great choice! Normally wear a size 6 so I ordered 6½. I have narrow feet, and they fit perfectly.
Ordered a a gift and bought a size larger as that is what others had said. Still too small, now have to pay to return. That makes a very bad unwelcome gift!
Everyone said it ran small and to go up a size to a size and a half. I opted for the size and a half. I should have gone with the 1 size up. I just wear them with thick athletic socks. They really help with Zumba. I was getting left leg pain from doing Zumba in running shoes. That is a big no-no, but no one ever tells you that when you start taking Zumba classes! I would buy these shoes again.
Too long and too tight at one size larger. I have purchased at least 6 pairs of Bloch shoes, all this same size. The other pair in the order is just fine!
What a wonderful shoe for Zumba! It is lightweight, and very attractive, not clunky looking like sneakers. It makes the dance steps go much more smoothly. I wear a size 9, so I ordered a 9-1/2 per advice of other reviews, and the shoe fit perfectly and it is so comfortable.
Male that wears a street size 10, ordered a 12. Length good but too narrow to be comfortable, older man found shoe very hard to put on when you could not open up the shoe unlaced because of solid stretchy tongue sewn in.
you suggested ordering a size larger and that was still too small. I wear a 13, this is 14 and my toes are still jammed into end?
shoe looked great but too small!

I have a long narrow foot and this shoe fits perfectly! It's got good traction and the smooth spot for spins is great. It's a medium width, but fits like a narrow. The length was true to size.
