Brooks Ariel®
Wow. I love my Brooks. I have always had a flat, wide foot. Now that I am very overweight my foot is wider and requires extra stability. I have worn New Balance for years because of the wide selection of “wides”. But now that I got my Ariel, I don't think I will ever go back. They are very roomy so if you like a snugger shoe you may want to order a half size down.

You just know when you put on shoes that they will be comfortable, and these shoes were comfortable from the minute I put them on. I have a high arch, wide feet, and a long foot.I wear a 11 EE and use an insert to give more support to my arch. These shoes already have a great cushion insole. I just kept it in and inserted my 3/4 size inserts in the shoe. Any narrower a shoe and that would not have worked. They are lightweight and pretty. I have yet to exercise in them or stand for long periods, but wanted to let you know my opinion before I forgot about it.
I purchased these in the extra wide (EE) width, size 8½. I have very wide feet, bunions and Plantar fasciitis in one heel. It took about a week to break these in. The shoes are still snug to wear but are making my foot conditions more bearable so I will keep these shoes and am considering ordering a second pair.
These running shoes are every bit of the five star rating they have received. I ordered according to the recommendations of 1/2 size up. Perfect. Ordered a D width, which gave plenty of room in the toe box. I have Morton's neuroma, and mild plantar tendon pain, so I have orthotics. Fit perfectly. I stand 12 hours a day, and these are the most supportive, comfortable shoes I have found to date.
This is my third pair of these shoes. I love them for running. I have tried asics and saucony. These are my favorite. My husband ran cross country in college and swears by this brand. Obviously you'll want to buy them a half size bigger for running.
I was in tears unable to find shoes that allowed me to walk without pain, until I found this shoe. Wearing this shoe is like walking on pillows, they are so comfortable. After trying many other brands of trainers built to support pronation, this shoe is the only one that actually supported my foot. I suffer from severe plantar fasciitis and must wear prescription orthotics in my athletic shoes. Consequently, in order to accommodate the orthotics, I must size up to Size 8.5 (I normally wear Size 7 without the orthotics). Even with the orthotic in place, the Brooks Ariel is the only shoe supportive enough for me. The shoe runs true to length, but the B width is still is quite wide, and I must wear a thick sock, and be sure to tie the laces really tight in order to get the best support form the shoe. If you have really narrow feet, you may want to try another shoe. I love this shoe so much, I have ordered a second pair!
Need strong pronation control and these shoes provide it. Since I wear them with thicker socks, I ordered a 9.5 and those fit perfectly with the desired thumb's width in front of the toes. My street shoe & sandal size is size is 8.5 and sometimes 8. Definitely suggest ordering a full size up unless you wear thin or no socks. They got dinged for style for looking bulky and lack of color choice. Color okay but would have preferred a darker, less obtrusive choice.
I have had heel and metatarsal foot pain for over a year due to an injury and have tried and returned literally dozens of comfort shoes to protect my feet while healing. I needed a good athletic shoe that would allow me to stand on my feet and also get back to exercise walking. These shoes have given me the stability and cushion to do just that. They also improve my posture so I no longer get a back ache when standing or walking on hard floors. They have nice ventilation to keep my feet cool and they are actually a pretty &quot;sneaker&quot;. I love the colors. I have wide feet and almost a high arch which makes it difficult to find shoes I can wear for any length of time. These Brooks are a dream shoe for me. I normally wear a 9 wide but found I needed to a 1/2 size up to allow room for my toes at the end even with the wide width. I think because they are so well cushioned. The other cool thing is they come in all widths which is another thing that's hard to find. I will definitely be getting another pair which I rarely do. I can't say enough good things about these shoes.
