Cole Haan Air Grant
This shoe run 1 size larger. Make sure to order 1 size smaller than you originally would to avoid the same mistake I did. Very nice shoe and appears to be high quality.
Love these shoes -- so light and comfortable, and with great styling. They do stretch out a bit, so I'd recommend getting a half size smaller than you normally wear.
These driving shoes are half shoe and half slipper. They are good for the price. But if you want to wear them without socks, you may want to consider a half size down as they will stretch. I checked moderate arch support, but I wish there was a "minimal" arch support option. This is my second pair from Cole Haan and is seems that the first pair had a more comfortable insole.
These are great! Had to return - ordered wrong size for my husband. Will buy again!
Order 1 size smaller than usual. Since they are mocs, they will stretch a bit and mold to your feet. Amazing quality as these can last up to 2 years in my experience with 3-4 times per week usage. Amazing quality of leather and always get compliments. Note: the dark croc leather dye wears off on your feet if your feet sweat and you wear for extended period of time (ie, out watching a golf tourney).
The Air Grant in all its incarnations (laced, bit, penny) is a wonderful shoe. I have a red suede with laces and the dark brown bit style. Definitely order a 1/2 size larger I'm normally a 10 but wear a 10.5 in the Air Grant and if you tread the line between a D and E foot it might feel a little tight at first but conforms after a few wearings. The Nike Air unit and the nubbed sole make it extremely comfortable. In my personal opinion this shoe can hold its own against some of the most high end driving mocs out there for a fraction of the price. It's versatile from dress slacks to sockless with shorts, and a fresh alternative to those growing weary of boat shoes. A great addition to any man's collection.
Good looking very comfortable shoe. I agree, a bit tight (by about 1/2 size) initially, but stretched out to a comfortable fit within one hour of wearing.
