Nike Jana Star Waffle 5
I love these shoes. Bought 1 size bigger than normal thanks to the heads up in reviews.
When they arrived it felt like the box was empty because they are outrageously light. The material is super thin and the design on the sides feel like glossy stickers but I have had them for a few weeks and have not noticed fading or peeling. It also does not take long to break them in so that is good. I was a little iffy about getting the sonic yellow ones but they are amazing! I have gotten lots of compliments with these. I do not do sports but I occasionally jog around my hilly neighborhood and they are really comfortable. I am size 8 so I ordered these in 8½ and they were perfect.
I purchased these shoes on a whim, in large part because I love the colors & style. They remind me of a watermelon. (I know...) At any rate, these are one of my favorite pairs of shoes. Granted, they are running shoes, but I wear them on a recreational basis. I receive tremendous compliments when I wear them. I appreciate the previous feedback, because you should order them 2 sizes larger. I wear a 9 & initially bought a 10, but returned the 10 for a much needed & most comfortable 11. I wear my shoes barefoot. I really love them.
I love the look of these shoes but, unfortunately, after ordering two different sizes I gave up as these shoes fit much narrower than any I've tried before. I normally wear a 10 so I heeded warnings and tried an 11 and 11.5. Both ended up too long but still much too narrow to wear comfortably.
The color is awesome! But the shoes are very cheaply made. I should have known brand new Nikes for such a low price was too good to be true. They are cute for kicking around town in, but definitely not shoes for the serious athlete. And they totally run small! Thank god for all the previous reviews saying to order a full size up. I did, and they fit. I decided to keep because I absolutely love the yellow/hot pink color. But I will not be wearing them to the gym.
After reading other reviews I ordered a half size up since they appeared to run small... I am normally a 9.5 to 10. Ordered a 10.5 and they were way too small. They have a very pronounced arch inside the shoe that is extremely uncomfortable and I am not flat footed... Overall, a very uncomfortable shoe and too small... have to return. The look of the shoe is super cute and the colors are awesome but, unfortunately, they are going back.

Very cute aesthetically, but are they kidding with these? Felt like I had wadded up cardboard under my feet. Don't know who came up with the broken glass arch support and terrible. And the size is definitely tiny. I ordered a size larger than usual, and they just fit lengthwise; they are very narrow, however. Please note that I would give zero stars for comfort.
Excellent grip on the track, you could place insoles since the shoe is deep enough. Beware for those who have fallen arches, as the shoe does have a built in arch that will bother you unless you have a well formed arch. Best purchase and they look great! No difference from the picture online to the ones I recieved. I have been using mine twice a week for over a month and they have yet to let me down. the tip is coming unglued just a bit, but its because of the way I run through hurdles and land. Perfect track shoes. Will be purchasing new ones onces I need them. True to size ladies if you are a 6 and half get six and a half. They are narrow shoes, but its because they are track shoes. So if you have a wide foot I would get wide. 
My daughter runs so fast in these shoes that no one can see how awesomely cute they are. Order one size up. Best customer service anywhere. Period.
Love these shoes! They do run small. I ordered 2 sizes up from my regular size. They are very lightweight and cool. Perfect for summer.
I love the colors. I ordered these in my usual size (7.5) and they felt a full size (or two) too small. Also, they are very narrow. They're fantastic in person! Very lightweight and vibrant. I wish they had fit. I returned them and ordered a less showy pair of New Balance.

This was such a disappointment. Love the colors, but arrived and at least two sizes too small. They are going back.
