adidas Samba® Classic
I like these shoes all right. The fit is fine (though I have had to learn that with Adidas and Puma, I should order one size larger than my usual). Manufacture is a bit cheap, notably the strange ribbed plastic tongue, and the suede looks grubby not long after purchase. But decent looking shoes, and decent value for money. The arch is small for me, but I have large, high arches.
Runs a little small. I wear a size ten in most dress shoes but a ten in these was too small to be comfortable. 
I ordered the same size Sambas in white that I own in black, but upon receipt the (white) Sambas were a bit snug in the width. I had planned on returning them but after walking about a mile they broke in and now fit like a glove. Stick with the standard size and just give them time to break-in and these will be your new standards!

My husband has worn the black Adidas Samba Classic for YEARS and loves them. He wanted a white casual sneaker, so we though Sambas in white would be perfect and they are, but it took a while to get it right. First I ordered him the Adidas Samba Originals, not really know there were different kinds of Sambas. I ordered a 13 the same size of his black ones in the closet and he couldn't even get them on, they were so tight! So I returned them and did a little searching and realzied that he has the classics so I ordered them in a 13, this time he could get them on and he wanted to keep them saying they'd stretch out, but after wearing them about 15 mins in the house he changed his mind. I wish they came in a wide option (not that my husband has wide feet at all...) so I ordered them again in a 13.5 and now they fit and he's happy!
I like this shoe very much. I initially purchased a size 10, but they felt very tight so I exchanged them for a 10.5. The 10.5's fit perfect. the shipping was awesome as always (very fast). As far as style goes, these shoes are some of the most stylish retro shoes I have ever purchased and they go along with many different styles of clothing. I would highly recommend them.
Only shoe husband wears. Has long and kind of narrow feet, other size 14s can be too wide, especially boots.
