Pearl Izumi Peak II
I really like these shoes! I did order a half size larger because I read other reviews but after wearing the shoes I think I should have stayed with my true size. But overall I am happy with my purchase.
This shoe is an essential for any trail runner.  They weigh nothing, grip like a champ, breathe, and you can feel the ground in these.  Not to mention they're gorgeous colors and design.  They do run exactly one size too small.  I am a old 9, and ordered a 10.  The fit was perfect.
I run an 8 mile trail with lots of rocks, roots, and ups and downs. These shoes are extremely comfortable and light and minimize my tendency to "stub" my foot. I love the traction the shoe gives and the support. I really love the inner sleeve that prevents dirt from getting into my shoes. My only complaint is that they are narrow through the bridge of the shoe. I normally go up one half size for my running shoes. I bought these in a 7.5, also in an 8 and wish I had gone to a 8.5 to compensate for the narrow width.
I read the reviews and ordered a size up. Thank you! I love these shoes. They are so light and comfortable and the colors are great!
This shoe looks great, the details and colors are vibrant, the laces are good quality, and they will stay laced. They run one size smaller; I bought them a full size larger and the length is perfect but the width is terrible. I usually wear M for width, but these shoes feel a lot wider than that; it is like my feet are swimming inside. I have to tight the laces really well to feel supported. I kept them for walking, but would not use them for running.

I just received these shoes, they look fantastic; however, they run at least one size too small. Even being a bit tight I can tell that they are very comfortable for walking, not so sure about running. I am ordering a bigger size.
Killer looking shoe. Fits well and has an excellent integrated tongue construction. Overall doesn't feel very minimalist. Other than the positives above, kind of felt like a decade old Asics. I went with the Salomon Fellcross as I wanted something with a more aggressive tread. Definitely runs small. At least a size.
I had to look inside and double-check the size. The shoe feels way smaller than the marked size, even though I thought I was ordering it big. It is shorter and narrower than expected. Also, the width spanned by the laces is unusually wide, leaving one of the lacing eyelets directly and painfully over for the first big-toe joint. Think about that if you have wide, bony feet. Out of the box, these shoes hurt. 
