adidas Golf adiPURE™
Very comfortable shoes. I have some heel and knee issues and did not feel any discomfort wearing these shoes during a recent 3 day golf outing. I wear a size 15 EEEE which is not the easiest size to find. The price was more than I anticipated but I'm sure these will last for a long time. The most impressive thing about this transaction was the delivery time. I ordered them on Memorial Day (Monday) in the afternoon with my golf outing coming up Friday. Wasn't sure if they would be here in time but they arrived the next day (Tuesday) in the afternoon. Very impressive.
I had bought a pair of there shoes before I ordered them and loved them, so I ordered the same size in a different color. When I got the new ones they were a size fuller than my first pair. So don't order golf shoes on line. Try them on first in a store to make sure they fit.
High quality shoe. Very comfortable. Adidas tends to run narrow so consider getting the wider size. I exchanged my first pair for the wider ones and love them.
My son wore these for 1 year on his golf team and they held up and were the most comfortable golf shoes he has ever worn.  The bonus for him was that they came in the wide and bigger sizes which is very difficult to find in golf shoes.  He has the white ones and they look really good after a year too.  You pay a lot for these but they have been worth it for us.
I have been accustomed to wearing top of the line golf shoes, from the FootJoy Classic Premieres (no longer made) to ECCO World Class. Both of those are much more expensive as the Adidas, but the Adipure are every bit as comfortable. In the past, I've avoided Adidas because they tend to run narrow; fortunately, these come in wide sizes. These shoes are truly a treat to wear, like wearing slippers with support and grip. I require a good arch support and was a little nervous about these, but the support is excellent; and the removable footbed allows for orthotics if you wear them. The leather used for these shoes is outstanding--super soft and yet durable. I've worn them now for about 10 rounds and they still look brand new. It remains to be seen if these adidas have the longevity of the FootJoy or ECCOs (I still have doubts about that given that those shoes are built like tanks), but the Adipure is definitely a worthy competitor in terms of overall performance; and they look great as well.
