Keen Utility Detroit Low Womens
This is the cutest darn steel toe I could find.  I work at a manufacturing plant and have to wear steel toes and a uniform when I'm out on the floor.  These shoes were the only ones I found that I felt had a bit of edgy style.  I have been a shoe size 9 for years, but after I read the reviews, I ordered a 8.5, as most folks were saying they were a bit big.  However, after I tried on the 8.5, I found that a 9 fit perfect.  I wish I didn't have to wait for the new size as I wanted to wear these killer shoes at work right away.  Thanks Keen for making steel toes!
I got these for working in the woodshop and they are versatile enough for hiking and other activities. Another reviewer said something about the footbed having an odd contour to it and I would agree - there is great arch support, but it is also kind of raised on the outer edge of the foot too.  It doesn't bother me but is worth mentioning.  Definitely had to go smaller than expected and would have saved time by ordering both sizes first then returning the larger one.  Overall great shoe and nice to have a protected toe while not looking like I'm wearing hard core work boots!
I have been wearing these for about a month now and I could not be happier. I work 10 hour days on my feet and noticed less aches and pains in my feet, legs, and back from day one. No breaking in was required. They are worth every penny. Order half a size smaller, even if you plan on wearing additional insoles.
I had to purchase a pair of steel toed shoes for an assignment at work and never thought it would be so difficult to find a pair in a small women's size (6).  After days of searching (I only had two weeks before the start of the assignment) I gave in to the seemingly outrageous price of these.  My feet could not be happier with my choice!  I was standing for 10 hours a day for five days straight and had no foot, leg, or back pain and there's not a blister in sight, unlike some of my co-workers who opted for cheaper shoes.  I was worried about the toe-box being tight as I have mildly wide feet, however I couldn't even feel the steel toe at all.  I would absolutely recommend these to anyone--stylish, comfortable, AND functional!
These shoes are sturdy and comfortable. I walk at least 8 hours a day on metal floors my feet don't hurt at the end of the day. They're wide and run about a 1/2 size big. I liked the color.
These are great! I work in outdoor industrial sites on uneven ground and with many hazards. These are sturdy safe boots that look great I love the colors, I can wear them many things. I mainly wear jeans to work but they would go with dark khaki and blue well. I ordered half a size smaller than my usual size per the other reviews and they are perfect. I am usually a 8 and purchased a 7½. They are a little wide but I wear hiking socks with these and I would rather the room if it gets hot and my feet swell and if you want to add any kind of arch or support insert you could. They are as comfortable as is for me. It is nice to have work boots that are not ugly. These look like standard hiking shoes except they are so much more.
Great shoes! Very comfortable steel-toe shoes. I'm very happy with this purchase. Ordered a size 8 and fit perfectly -- I'm usually an 8-8.5, so followed other reviewers' advice and ordered the smaller size and I'm glad I did.
Love these shoes! My work requires me to walk on concrete floors during 12 hour days. I've been looking for proper boots for a while - no matter what I wear, my feet end up killing me by the end of the day. Considering Red Wings but they are made for men. After reading reviews about these Keens and since they are a woman's shoe, I ordered them. After a week of wearing, I have to report they are great! They hold up to uneven surfaces, cushion hard surfaces, no fear of bumping my toes with the steel toe. They fit very loose in the toe box, which I didn't realize was a problem with other shoes until I put these on! I can wiggle my toes, even with a thicker sock and maybe feel a 1/2 size big. I have wideish feet, so if you have narrow feet, it could be too loose. I also ordered the higher boot, but for some reason they were tight in the toe box and I decided the wider shoe felt much better. The arch falls exactly right on my foot. They are a bit clodhopperish, but I don't need to make a fashion statement at work, so I can deal with that aspect.
These shoes ran a little big so I had to exchange for a 1/2 size smaller.  I am a zookeeper so I spend nearly the entire day on my feet and these are extremely comfortable.  Since I started wearing them my feet have been aching much less.  They are made well and are holding up better than other steel-toed boots I have worn in the past.  
Nice looking shoe. Bought 1/2 size smaller as described in reviews but my heel slips out of back of shoe. That will be a problem for a work shoe. Needs to go back.
Love the Keen utility shoes, they are comfortable and stylish. These run a tiny bit big but not enough that I would go down a size, just wear some thicker socks. They are worth every cent because I don't feel like a cripple after working/standing 12 hours, love 'em! Hope they keep making them!
I should have listened to other reviewers on how this shoe runs on the large side. I wear size 10 and my feet are swimming in these boots. Everything else is great. Will return for smaller size.
