Propet Travel Walker Suede
These are super cute and very comfy! I love how they do not look wide, and yet they are. I am a 7 1/2 extra wide, and these are wide enough without being clunky. I had to go up half a size, but I'm very satisfied with the toe comfort. The picture does not do the shoe justice. It is superlight and not bulky at all.

I am a perfect size 8, so I had high hopes. They are so cute, but they dug into my heels and felt sloppy and wide. I haven't decided whether to send them back for a half size smaller, or return them due to the heel problem.
When I received the shoes I was really happy with them. They were the correct size and the right color. I like the style to. I didn't mind if they had a clasp for a shoe lace.that was so cool. In fact I loved it. :)
I've been looking for a cushiony, comfortably wide sneaker forever. There's nothing wrong with my feet. They're just wide and I need lots of room especially in the toe box. When I opened the box and saw how narrow these size 7.5 X 2E's were, I was very disappointed and thought immediately of returning them. However, I loosened the elastic lacing, put them on and found that the soft, super-flexible fabric stretches or gives when you put your foot down, so I can tolerate them. I would not buy these for excessive walking, standing for long periods of time or athletics, especially if you're a little overweight. There is zero cushioning. And the first time I messed with the lacing which is unique, I accidentally pulled off the plastic piece that hides the ends of the laces. If this happens, don't worry. The little thingy is easy to get back on. Just get a knife and pry up the "lid", stick the lace ends back in there and snap the "lid" back down. No big deal. I don't believe they're worth the price, even though the soles are guaranteed to last for 1,000 miles. I'm still looking for that elusive perfect sneaker. In the meantime, these will be comfortable enough to wear in the car on a long trip.
Love these shoes! They are a little geeky looking but I bought them for comfort. Took them with me to Italy and wore them all day with no break in period, comfortable from the get go. I needed to go up a half size to get the correct fit for me.
I just received these shoes in the navy suede. Love them so far...so soft and roomy in my usual size. Have not worn for more than a few hours but bought them for casual wear, not work.The toggle I am not real crazy for so gave 4 stars for style.
 Buy shoes in double EE wide for a niece but this shoe was too wide in size ordered. So not sure if sizing is different or did not understand size needed. She has other Propet slip ons that fit properly.
Otherwise, like shoe but just did not fit.
