adidas Originals Samoa W
I love my shoes, they are nice with my summer wear. I did buy them a half a size smaller, due to the fact I read they ran big. 
The shoe sizing was way off base. I'm an 8 (occasionally a 7.5) and I had to go a whole size down to get the right length.
I wish I read the reviews before I brought these as I too purchased my normal size and found that it was too big. Other than that the shoe looks great it's just not comfortable to be in all day. I work in a hospital where I do a lot of walking and standing, by the time I get home my feet hurt!
These are such comfy shoes.  They look good with jeans, shorts or capris.  Great for major walking adventures or just cruising the mall.  I ordered size 7 since previous people have reviewed these and said they ran big.  I usually wear a 7.5 and I'm glad I did order a half size smaller because 7.5 would've been too big.
I ordered this shoe in my usual size 7, based on the reviews saying the fit was true to size. Also, my Adidas athletic sneakers are a size 7. However, these shoes were so large I had to return them. They look fabulous, so I will try smaller sizes until I get it right.
Best old school kicks to date - 
I find that these are made much better than Puma or the retro Asics. Many retro sneakers have "no make" or support. While I wouldn’t run a marathon in these or use them at the gym they are very comfortable to wear to the office with Khakis, dress pants and Jeans. I wish they came in more colors. They are more comfortable than the samba and are very true to size.

Very comfortable - 
Great shoes very comfortable. They fit like a glove and are true to size. I enjoy Adidas shoes and this is another pair I can add to my list. I have been wearing Adidas and other brands since I was about thirteen and I’m thirty now. Adidas is definitely at the top of my list when it comes to shoes.

Cool!
I have had my eye on these sneakers for the longest time and am happy they finally had my size in inventory. They are comfortable from the very first day of wearing them. The only detail I wish it didn't have the Samoa name on the side w/the stripes but it's really not a huge deterrent from purchasing them. Very pleased! 

Love the shoes!!!
I love these shoes! I keep trying to find the Sambas in my size with no luck, so I went with the Samoa's. So glad I did, these shoes offer great support and they look great. No rubbing on the heel, no rubbing on the tongue (which is shorter than that of the Adidas Gazelle). All around great shoe. It took no time at all to 'wear in' to my own foot contours. Like it was made for me!

