Nike Zoom Vomero+ 7
I don't know what the big "To Do" about these 7s is...got a pair size 13...run 10-15 miles per week...felt way too narrow, too tight, too cushy, simply did not like them. I would suggest going to the 6s...or trying Nike Air Pegasus +28s or 29s. I feel it is a much better running shoe with a lot more support.
I've been buying Nike Zoom Vomero's for 6 years now and I buy 2 pair a year. I keep one pair for 'good' and one pair for every day. I'm not a runner...but I love these shoes. The arch is great for me and I love the larger toe area. I'm a woman with big feet. I wish I could wear the Nike woman's Zoom Vomero's but I'd need a size 12 1/2 or 13 and they don't make that size for women (come on Nike there's lots of women now with big feet!). So I buy men's size 11 1/2. I don't get to buy the pretty colors. Back to the shoes...I love the heels. I have heel spurs and these shoes really keep my heel spurs from hurting. Over all these are the best shoes out there for comfort and design, believe me, I've tried a lot of others!
I don't know why Nike has such a bad name amongst runners. I had a pair of Vomero 4's and loved them. Then I was persuaded to buy Saucony Pro-grids. Hated them! Clumsy and clunky on pavement, with no bounce to them. Now I'm back with the Nike Vomeros. Nice bounce, both heel and forefoot,combined with improved stability over the older model. My run is lighter and running on pavement is hardly a problem. The wide sizes available in this model are perfect for my feet. As with all my shoes, I use "Sole" moldable orthotics (wouldn't live without them), so I can't comment on arch support.
This is my fifth pair of the Vomero incarnation. I have had the 2, 3, 5, 6, and now the 7. These feel lighter and more nimble than the 6. They still have good cushioning and excellent support. These do not feel as light as the Mizuno Wave Rider 15, but these feel much cushier. I am 46 years old, have neutral mechanics, a midfoot striker, 5'8" tall with normal arches, 175 pounds, size 9½. I know these shoes are not for everyone as we all have different feet, but I stick with what works for me. I love these shoes!
