Nike Lunarglide+ 3
I've always been an Asics guy but decided to purchase these based on a friend's recommendation on good sneakers for my extremely flat feet. I've always dealt with knee pain after shorts runs but these shoes have solved the problem. I'm six foot, 210lbs and these shoes provide great arch support. I've increased the distance of my runs and don't have any knee pain. I'd highly recommend these to anyone with flat feet. Felt true to size but if anything, order a half size larger than you wear.
These shoes fit a bit narrow, but there was no choice to get a wider size. I was able to fit with a 1/2 size bigger, and they feel great. Took a couple days to get through the inevitable blisters, this time on the arches, but I always get blisters with new running shoes. Overall they are light and fit well, and I enjoy the support I get while running.

I don't understand what the "Nike +" feature is on these shoes, and can't find it anywhere in the literature or online. As far as I can tell they are the same as any Nike shoe and you need to get separate accessories to use the Nike+ features.
I was looking for a flexible, breathable, comfortable running shoe. I found it, then the price was just right. In Nike the sizes run 1/2 size smaller.
I use the Lunarglide +3 shoe for my gym workouts and it's well suited to my use. The midsole is quite thick so it does not appeal to me as a running shoe as I prefer a more responsive feel for running. Still a very good shoe for me. Fit is typical for a running shoe and also typical Nike fit: I wear a full size larger in the Nike than in a Donald Pliner (made in Italy) shoe as an example. I rated size as marked in the context of the prior sentence. The toe box is less roomy than a typical Asics running shoe.
These shoes look great and feel great! I am so happy I bought them! I am a size 7 but in Nike running shoes I wear an 8.
I absolutely love these shoes! They are the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever had (aside from my Uggs, but I won't be running in those). I read a lot of reviews before picking these and there was a review that said to choose a half size larger and I'm so glad I did. The half size larger fits perfectly. My one and only concern with these shoes is that when I come across wet cement they are really slippery. I've been using them every day for about an hour for a month now, so I keep thinking once I scuff up the bottoms more they won't be this way, but I don't know. I'm just aware of it now so I'm careful.
I had high hopes for these running shoes based on the review. Unfortunately, they are too narrow at the top. I always run in Nikes because I like their arch support and the roominess in the toes. Not sure if a wide would help as it fit everywhere except at the toes...they felt like they were being squeezed in. Shoes are going back. I also order a half size up as others suggested and the length fit fine.
Positive: excellent cushioning for a jogger/runner especially with knee problems yet still lightweight.
Negative: order at least 1/2 size smaller as they stretch out tremendously around the front, especially when I played raquetball in them. The full fabric front really stretched out.
These sneakers are awesome! I just started training for a 1/2 marathon, and they have great support for longer runs. I had to return the first pair I bought because they were too small, but 1/2 size up fit great. While I wish they were a little bit lighter, that wasn't what I was in the market for when I originally bought them so overall they're just what I wanted. The color is a little more red-orange than orange, but they still look pretty sweet. Really breathable too.
Has Nike resized their shoes? I normally wear a women's 10.5; however, when I got these and tried them on they feel bigger than my other 10.5 Nikes.  This shoe looks cool on the website but it isn't as cool in person.  I was looking for a sleek black sneaker for summer but these don't fit the bill.
