Brooks Addiction™ 10
Been using this shoe for running for about 9 years.  I have always ordered the 9.5 2e to accomodate orthodic  (I wear 8.5 in a dress shoe).  They 2e is now closer to to a D width and the length is closer to a 9.  I am not sure why they feel they need to make each next version narrower.  Please bring back a full size shoe!  Returned the shoe, I guess I will try new balance.
Hooked on Brooks. Most comfortable supportive shoe I've had. Bought a half size bigger after reading the reviews. Too bad they don't have a 3D width, just 2D and 4D, so they're just a bit snug, but overall very comfortable. A bit pricey, but worth it. Better than Propet, much better than New Balance.
Excellent choice for warm weather and exercise by someone who wears orthotics in the full leather Addiction Walker. It was a mistake to order half size larger, had to return for usual size.
Great shoe, I had to order 1 size larger than I normally wear. Very comfortable. As a matter of fact I ordered another pair for work.
I'm casual runner who occasionally partakes in local 5Ks. I'm closer in build to a linebacker than a Ethiopian marathoner, so having a solid, support running shoe is critical to me and the health of my feet and legs. I've had at least five pairs in the Addiction line and have always been very happy with them. I've also tried other brands/models and have always come back to the Addictions. For what it's worth, I'm a true size 12 (US) and I've found that the 12.5 size in this shoe is a bit more comfortable.
Great shoe. Pay attention to the reviews that say it runs one size smaller. The 10 I ordered fits like a 9.
Finally a shoe that does what it says it does. I'm a severe over-pronator, size 16, A heel but C forefoot. Put my Sole orthotic in and I can walk all day. Does run a little short.
This is my fourth pair of Brooks Addiction running shoes. Several years ago, I was fitted for the first pair by a local running shop who videotaped me. I thought I wanted to try running for exercise. It didn't work out - I aggravated an old case of plantar fasciitis which was certainly not the fault of the shoes. Once that was cured, I started fitness walking and these shoes suited me just fine in this endeavor. I'm a big lady - 5' 10" and about 195# - mostly a swimmer and cyclist, and am pretty fit in spite of my size. These shoes are perfectly comfortable on my high-arch feet. I can walk (fast) forever in them. Great support and I like how they look. My only concern is that Brooks will stop making them.
I, also, needed a 1/2 size bigger and needed the wide. I need an extra wide on my left foot because of a bunion but the wide (D) worked on this shoe because of the webbing in that location. Right out of the box was able to walk 5 miles with no discomfort.
This model runs small. I have worn Brooks Addictions since the model 5, they always fit well, gave good support and held up well, but I had to return this one for a larger size. I got a half size bigger and wish now that I had gone for a whole size bigger as the new shoe is really still too short in the toes.
I have arthritis in my feet that has created a bunion. I usually wear Brooks Ariel which supplies more support for pronation (with a better insole) but these have a wider toebox and are comfortable with the addition of a separately purchase insole. FYI - Brooks run one size smaller so order up.
Bummer! I really thought these would work for me, but they were too small, too narrow and basically no built in arch. The removable insole has no padding and no arch, but if you have your own orthotics you will be able to use. I'm not going to order up a size just because I can't make myself order a 12!
Love this brand! It really works for me. I started wearing them a few years ago when I needed orthotics. Still wear them, but this shoe has the deepest heel pocket, so it still is comfortable with the orthotic in place. It doesn't feel like you will come out of the shoe at all. However, in the last year, it seems the sizing went down and I need a 1/2 size larger than I used to buy. So if you are on the fence, round up! But oh, I love the support the Addiction style gives me out of all the Brooks lines.
These are the best sneakers I've ever owned.  They're true to size and have good support.  However, I pronate so I put my othotics in.  Perfect!
After reading the reviews I ordered half a size larger and they fit great. They are fantastic shoes. I have flat feet, leg and back problems and these shoes were great. I am on my feet up to 14 hours a day and needed help. These shoes were great and made very well. They are the best shoes that I ever bought and I have bought quite a few.
Women's 11.5 (my usual size) was too short. I couldn't even get 1/4 or 1/2 thumb between the end of my toe and the end of my shoe. This size 12 was better, I could get almost a thumb size, especially if I used the real laces to hold my heel back. But you've flattened the instep or placed more material in the inside, and the result was that the bony protrusion on the top of my foot became so red and inflamed that I could wear no shoes, not even sheepskin bedroom slippers or sandals for over a day, even after taking Tylenol. I stopped wearing the womens sizes years ago and switched to the mens because of sudden styling problems, but thought I'd try again -- what a mistake. I hope you didn't do the same thing with the men's shoe, but it looks like it's the same cut as the women's, with a very low toe box as well.
As always Addiction by Brooks is a great sneaker.  They do run a bit smaller than actual shoe size.  This pair did not state linear platform as past editions have.  So far no problems.  
I have been wearing Addictions for over 10 years for my over pronating, narrow feet. I always buy 1/2 size larger than my normal size. My orthotics fit beautifully In these shoes. I would not buy any other brand. I hope they will always be available.
