Speedo Shore Cruiser® II
Soft and fairly comfortable on my average-size and shaped feet. Not too hard to get on. I wish they came in colors other than black.
The Speedo Shore Cruiser II shoe that I received was very poorly constructed. I am able to see the glue and scuffed off paint on the sides and bottom of the water shoe. Also, the bottom of the shoe is very slippery. I purchased these shoes for a water aerobics class but the shoes are not very useful as my feet slip constantly. I would not purchase these shoes again. The fit is great and true to size. Also, the shoes do allow for great water flow.
I'm usually an 8.5 (or European 39.5) and very rarely an 8, but the 8 in these actually just fit (snug but comfy like a sock). It's not the fit I would consider for a regular everyday shoe but I bought these to frolic in the ocean (with some minimal dry walking) basically to protect my feet from sharp objects so they will pretty much be immersed in water the entire time I wear them. The 9 will fit like a regular shoe and your foot will have some room, more room than what I would like for the intended purpose. I suppose if it's something you want to wear more like a regular shoe, then the bigger size would be better, but then I think you have the risk of it falling off and more sand and getting trapped in it if you go in the water. I didn't give these a 5 star rating because I wasn't crazy about the mesh side vents, I think you'll have huge amounts of sand that will sneak in there but the flipside is that the mesh piece will help the shoe dry faster when it's off.
Runs really small! Bummed to return it, but the size 7 is more like a 6...Too bad, because otherwise it looks great.
I used these when I was in a dragon boat race and wore them all day. In the beginning they were very comfortable. By the end of the day they were sliding around a bit. They only come in full sizes so I got an 8 and not a 7 1/2. And my toes were black at the tips from the inside of the shoe. That will probably not happen as the shoes get worn more. I like how they look and they are light weight.
