Merrell Barefoot Trail Glove
Total letdown with this pair of shoes, the sizing is WAY off. I ordered a full size below my standard size and still had a solid inch of free room. Who decided on their sizing? After returning two pairs I gave up.
My gene pool gifted me with the body of a man, but unfortunately feet the feet of a duck. This has cause my life to be an endless search of shoes that fit, but after buying these shoes I might have to re-evaluate what might be the next chapter. Yes. These shoes fit. Not only do they fit, they are super light and extremely comfy, so if you are looking for a pair of shoes to walk, run och just skip around in with your duck feet these might be your best option. They might not be fit for a gala night with foreign diplomats, or cold winters on the Russian tundra but hey, I don't really care. My life has a new meaning now. Oh yes, you duck footed people out there, realize the these in wide will make your shoes fit, so you don't need to get them in size 14 if you really are 11. They will actually fit so try a size smaller, loosen up the laces and try it out.
I own another similar pair of Merrell shoes like this that fit just right. For some reason this pair fits a half size smaller in length. I use a 14 so it's as high as I can go. So if in doubt bump it up a half size.
Like many have mentioned before, these feel tight through the arches initially. However, before long they break in nicely and are not constrictive. I normally wear wide sizes. After nearly a year of moderate to heavy use the soles are wearing thin. Every other component has held up perfectly. 
I really like this shoe. I've previously run in the New Balance Minimus MT20. I liked that shoe as well but I felt they took a couple steps back with the MT20v2 where it is too tight in the toe box. The Trail Glove has nice roomy toe box. I also like the tension system through the upper foot. All in all a very good shoe for the trail. Not a fan of the road with these shoes. Last note, order your normal shoe size. I do wear these with very thin socks.
Just what they promise! Light weight and natural, barefoot feel. I have wide feet(EEE) and the wide are a great fit, no need to go up a half size. Haven't hit the trails yet but they are quickly becoming one of my favorite summer shoes based on comfort.
