Nike Dual Fusion ST 2
I usually have to get a wide size shoe but with this shoe i didnt have to.  Good thing this shoe doesnt come in a wide width.  After all  I would highly recommend this shoe to anybody who asked me for a good shoe.
This Nike shoe is a great fit, runs true to size. Comfortable from the moment I put them on. Lightweight is an understatement.
Lightweight, comfortable and great for the treadmill or just walking around for everyday use. Buy it one size larger than your normal size.
The sizing on this sneaker is way off. I traditionally wear a size 10.5 in most brands so I ordered this shoes in my size. Put them on to discover my big toe hard up against the front of the shoe. Okay, so I re-order in a size 11 with exactly the same result. There was no perceivable difference between the two sizes. Prior to making the same mistake with ordering a size 11.5 I went to a local sports store to try that size. Yes, you guessed it - no difference in the fit. It's pretty apparent there's a manufacturing issue with the last or packaging of this model at Nike. Even scarier is this model is nowhere to be found on Nike's website (even in the close-out section), so are these really Nikes? All around a very disappointing experience!
I bought these to walk to work and back (about 35 minutes each way), and they are really comfortable shoes. While length-wise I had to go a half-size up from normal, they feel a bit wider at the ball of the foot than one would expect - which is good in my case, because my feet are wide in the front with relatively narrow heels. Break-in time was essentially nil. The one caveat I would offer is that because they are primarily made out of mesh, these wouldn't be great cold-weather sneakers. But for spring/summer, they have been great.
I was looking for a new running shoe and these are great. They run a 1/2 size small though. I typically wear an 8 in tennis shoes, and I had to get an 8 1/2 in these to fit properly. Very lightweight, yet supportive. I also have a wide foot, and I am able to wear these with no problem. Only issue is that they are made in China - wish they were made in the USA like New Balance.
I just received these shoes yesterday, and ran with them this morning...I cut a solid 60 seconds off my 5K time! Super comfortable - lightweight but have enough padding so you don't feel the pavement. I run 5K six times a week. I over-pronate and wear orthotics in my running shoes - everything went great with my first run this morning in these shoes. I'm coming from a New Balance WR860 - and I don't think I'll be going back! Yay Nike! True to size - I always order my running shoes a half size larger than my regular shoes so I don't jam my toes on the downhills - and the fit of these was perfect.
The shoes were a little small to the size it indicated will return and go 1 size larger.
I love this shoe! It feels like you are walking on marshmallows.  So comfortable and just enough support.  I thought Nike ran a little small in running shoes but not these, they are true to size.  I wear a 6.5 in most shoes and the 6.5 in these fit perfect!
