Converse Kids Chuck Taylor® All Star® Core Slip (Infant/Toddler)
Sizing is a little big, you almost need the size down.

These are velcro and not elastic, so my 3-year-old has some difficulties putting them on herself.  The velcro is on the underside of the tab where the eyelets sit.
Great shoe but make sure the size is 1 size smaller than what you usually get. The Chucks run bigger than other shoes.
I am writing about the gray version of the Chuck Taylor Core Slip shoes for toddlers . That is a slightly different style than the other core slip shoes. While these are adorable, we could not get them on our son's feet. There is a small amount of elastic on each side, but not enough. Other versions of this same shoe (including the navy version) have a Velcro opening. But the descriptions on the website do not note this difference. Our son is 19 months old, and the size that should have fit was a toddler 6.
These shoes are perfect! They're just right for independent toddlers to do themselves, with their back loop and easy velcro. It's just the right size for little hands. My daughter loves that she doesn't need help! We love that they hold up and are so durable, in typical Converse fashion! All around, these shoes are wonderful and a must have in any (and every) color!
These are my son's second pair and they are still our go to shoes. I love the hidden Velcro closure that makes an easy on/off and they stay on his feet as he runs around. The only challenge is that they tend to run a full size larger so I always need to try them on him first.
These run very large. My son wears a true size 8, and we received the size 8, but they are so big! At least a whole size too big.
I ordered a size 9 for my four year old because I love the ones I bought in size 11 for her sister. However, in this smaller size, the back part where you put your heel in, has no rigidity and therefore the fabric just folds in on itself when you try to put your foot in. You can do it with a lot of struggle, but it is not a fun experience for whomever you are trying to shove the shoe onto. Too bad they cannot make the smaller sizes the same as the larger sizes. The size 11 shoes are a breeze to put on.
How I wanted to love these shoes. Sadly, although they are adorable and looked very cool on my son, they just didn't fit and we returned them. All the slip-on Converse shoes have this problem: it is too tight a squeeze to get your foot in the shoe, unless you get a huge size which is then way too large for your foot. Converse, please, think about redesigning this shoe!
Very nice looking shoe, but it was almost impossible for me to get them on, so we had to return them. They run a full size larger so buy accordingly. No arch support.
These shoes are so cute. Even though they are a little longer than other shoes in the same size they stay on and don't appear to be a problem. They are a little tough to get on but we have had other shoes that were harder to get on. seems to get easier each time. We get lots of compliments on how cute they are.
