Vans Authentic™ Lo Pro
These shoes are exactly what I was looking for: Something simple that could be worn with almost anything. Vulcanized rubber makes it feel way more solid than Converse or other similar canvas shoes. My only complaint is the sizing - mine felt about a half-size smaller than I expected, but this wasn't even an issue. I just returned them and got a new pair in 2 days time. I would definitely recommend these shoes.
I love the look of these shoes...on other people's feet. I just got mine today and even with them being too small and having to return them, the made my feet look huge! I wear a size seven so my foot really isn't that big! The style is great I just recommend them to people with a shoe size smaller than me if you're self conscious about looking like you have clown's feet.
I love these shoes. Apparently I love them too much, because I've worn a hole in the side after only having owned them for three months or so. My feet are wide and apparently can't be contained by canvas. Curiously, I also have the regular "Authentic" style in the same size, which seem to be a little more generous in the sides, so we'll see if those develop holes too. Regardless, they are super cute and comfortable right out of the box. I like both these and the taller sole on the Authentic style; I still can't decide which I like best. The only thing I would do differently is to have got the Vans socks to go with them right away because I like the no-sock look and they got pretty filthy before too long of not wearing any. They did okay in the washer, but they'll never be as pretty as they were. Guess I'll just have to get another pair...or three.
Great product. True to size. Very comfotable. This is the second pair I've purchased. Worth every penny. My favorite summer sneaker!
Make them in larger sizes. I used to have a pair of the purple and I loved them, but now I wear a size 11 and they only make up to size 10 in Men's. Would be 5 stars if there were larger sizes.
Really cute shoes. I wear a size 11 and this style makes my feet look smaller than most other shoes. They look great with skinny jeans. For me, I have to use arch supports and luckily they fit in these shoes. However, because the shoes themselves have no cushion or support, they are not super comfy for long periods or for lots of walking but overall feel pretty good.
Love these shoes...I find they fit true to size. Keds are too narrow for me so I was thrilled to find a lightweight "tennie" for the summer!
