Speedo Women's Zipwalker™
I purchased a pair of the Zipwalkers to wear during an arthritis acquatic aerobics class. I think they may tend to run a bit large, I ordered my regular size and had to exchange them for one size smaller.  The shoes are great for providing traction while exercising in the water.
I bought these shoes because I had purchased another pair of Speedo water shoes 1 year ago for walking the beach that were wonderful. They were no longer available. These fit true to size are easy to get on but have no support. They make my feet hurt even in the sand. I would not buy another pair.
I got these for a trip to HaLong Bay, Vietnam and they arrived almost before I could turn around. Thank goodness for the reviews...because it helped me decide what size to order. People said these shoes run a size larger...that saved me time and when I got them they were perfect for the trip!
Very comfortable and roomy.  True to size.  I wore them after having surgery on my foot to keep sand out and they worked perfectly.  The zipper is great for ease of putting on.
This is a great shoe for aqua fitness! The material is breathable and the soles protect your feet from the rough pool bottom. Unfortunately, after several uses, the liner in the bottom started peeling away from the shoe. I normally wear a size 7 and fit very well in a 6, so order small!
I use these as a cheap way to break into "barefoot" running.  I ran once in them and they were very close to making me feel barefoot.  Cramps in my calves the next day, but that was to be expected and had nothing to do with the shoes.
I needed them to be snug and ordered a size smaller than normal. They are quite snug and I had to take the insoles out and keep them unzipped so I could feel comfortable.  Other reviewers say they run large, but that hasn't been my experience. I think next time I'd just order my size.  But overall a comfortable shoe given my size choice.
Comfortable shoe for water aerobics. The size actually runs a 1/2 size longer than expected - big surprise! Dries fast. 

