Gola Quota
I bought these sneakers after looking around for a light, low-profile spring shoe to wear with shorts. I was surprised to see that Gola doesn't make any half sizes (as I am a size 8.5 in most sneakers), so I followed the advice of some other reviewers and went with the next biggest size - 9. The fit is... interesting. As other reviewers pointed out, these sneakers are very narrow in the toe. I didn't think this would be a problem, as my feet aren't very wide, but it was. There is about 1 inch of space between my big toe and the tip of the shoe, but it's basically unusable because if my feet were any longer, they wouldn't fit in the narrow space. So when I walk the extra space in the front kind of flops down and smacks the ground. As for comfort, these sneakers have very little in the way of arch support or padding. You can feel every little crack or pebble underneath you when you walk. I had to tread carefully when walking down some cobblestone walkways. You probably wouldn't want to wear these on a day when you were planning to do a lot of walking. But for normal use, they're fine. I'd still recommend them, as they are very stylish and I have gotten a lot of compliments on how nice they look. I just wanted to let others know what to expect when buying these shoes.
These are very confortable shoes; however, these shoes are made for narrow feet.  I purchased my normal 11.5 and could not wear them with inserts, but sine they are a comfortable shoe, I got away with it.  Also, not knockin' the shoe but I noticed your feet look about 3 sizes smaller when these shoes on-not a big deal, just an aesthetic thing.
I loved the look, but they are much thinner in width at the toes than the pictures suggest. I am size 10.5 and they were the perfect length, but too thin in width. Bummer.
These are very nice shoes to wear with jeans and shorts. They did feel a little tight but not too tight for me to not return them. They felt true to size because I wear a 9½ shoe and they felt good. I have no trouble with these shoes and would recommend them to friends.
Amazing shoe really if you're going for style. But like no support. I'm about to get inserts or something. But for the price and style its a no brainer. And yes, get one size bigger than usual or if you're in the middle like me, just go up a half size.
Great shoe, out of the box. Was looking for trendy low top sneaker but Converse hurt my feet and Puma seem too long in the toe. These were excellent. As I could not find very many reviews - I ordered a US 11 as my usual size is a 10.5 and was perfect. They arrived and were already broken in although new. They are by far the most comfortable sneakers I own and with almost no break in period well worth the additional cost.
I bought a size 11 in these shoes, which is my usual size, and they fit and look great! (I recommend loosening the laces if it feels a little too narrow.)
I normally wear a 9 but order a 10 due to the reviews that the shoes run small.  The 10s fit fine, enough that I kept them rather than go through the return process.  But I suspect that these are the kind of shoes that will stretch out and form-fit themselves.  That being said, they look cool and they are comfortable like slippers, especially with comfy insole, which may be a good reason to up-size.  I would definitely consider ordering another pair in a different color when this pair wears out.  
If you are going to get this shoe make sure you get it a size bigger because it's very narrow on the toe. But besides that it's an awesome shoe and looks great in jeans. Not the most comfortable shoe to stand around in all day though.
These shoes are very lightweight and flexible. They are comfortable overall, but may not be ideal for pounding the pavement all day long. The distressed look makes them seem like you've had them stored in your closet for ages. I ordered black and it could almost pass for navy blue because of the fading. Be sure and save yourself the hassle of a return/exchange and order a size larger than usual.
Awesome shoes! They are very basic, very minimal. I call them my "ninja shoes", since they are essentially super-quiet, pliable slippers. They run a full size too small, be advised. Very great shoes.
Purchased these shoes as I really loved the used and dirty style of them. I have big feet, size 13, and these shoes, though marked as 13 are definitely much smaller, probably a 12. Can't say much else about them, except don't buy if you're expecting a size 13.
Yes, they're tight in the toes when you first wear them. Yes, you should order a size up from your half-size. But by the 2nd or 3rd wearing they have loosened up nicely in the toe and are perfectly comfortable. Love them!
Very narrow fit.  Had to return.  For what it's worth, my usual size is 9M - not wide (have never had to purchase a wide shoe).  Quality seemed good though. 
I really wanted to love these shoes, and I did love the worn-in look. However, like some other reviewers, the shoe has an odd fit. The toe is way too narrow, giving the shoe strange appearance from above, and making it very uncomfortable. I normally wear a 7.5, and ordered an 8. It literally felt like circulation was being cutoff from my feet, and I wasn't wearing any socks. Sorry to have to send these back. If you do want to order, I'd suggest a full size up, at least.
Perfect for narrow feet. I wear 9 1/2 and I found the size 10 fit worse in the toe bed than size 9. They are now my no socks, three season shoe. If you have wide feet, it does not matter what size shoe you order, these will not fit you!
Toe box so small that I will need to order at least a size up from normal...does the suede stretch or something? What if it does and I end up with Bozo the clown shoes?
Trust all the reviews that say these run a full size smaller than marked!

Based on the reviews, I ordered these in a size up, and had to exchange them for my regular size 9. I think your normal size works if you have an average-to-narrow-sized foot, through the ball and toe area. 
There are some seams in the toe area of this shoe that tend to rub, but that goes away after you wear them a few times and break them in. Very cute shoe!

Super cute for super narrow feet.  I almost always wear a size 6.  The size 7 in these were too small.
I love these shoes, and I'm going to keep them because I love them so much, but they are a weird fit. 
I don't think I could ever wear these with socks. They are very low profile, so they fit tight - a bigger size doesn't help, because they just get longer, not bigger. 
They're so tight though, that I don't think they can rub, so that's good. I plan on wearing them in the summer without socks, and if you're okay with a tight fit, they're really great looking shoes; but I really don't see how they could be worn with socks. 
Other than the tightness, they're very comfortable. They have a nicely cushioned sole. I'm a 9 1/2 and had to get the 9. The ten was just long, like a clown shoe.

I normally wear a size 9, but I ordered a full size up based on the other reviews. The 10 fits with a bit of length to spare in the toe area, but this shoe is very narrow through the toes, so the seams on the uppers rub my pinky toe on both shoes. 
They are very cute on (even in a size 10!), so I'm going to wear them around the house for a couple of days and see if they stretch out a bit. 
These shoes are definitely not for people who have wide feet and chunky toes!

Need to order a full size up, these shoes run small. However, even when I got the larger size, they were really uncomfortable beneath the laces (dug in). I wanted them to work, I love the style, but it's not worth the pain.
These shoes look great but did not fit right at all. I had to try out two different sizes before I realized that it wasn\'t the shoe size, they are just built with a very small area in the front that the toes don\'t fit in. It\'s basically an extra inch of space with no purpose and it made my feet look awkward. 
The sneaker runs a full size small. I wear an 8.5 US in woman's sizing and I ordered a 9. It was too small, and there are no 1/2 sizes. I am hesitant to order a 10. The seams on the toe hurt my foot. These are cute, but I am returning.
