Teva Sky Lake eVent®
I have had these shoes for over a year, and while I love the look of them, every time I wear them for longer than an hour I get a bad blister on my right heel. My right foot is slightly wider than my left, but I have never had this problem before and I have been buying sneakers in size 10 for over 20 years. The right shoe is just shorter than the left for some reason. That is a shame, I have instead had to rely on two other pairs I bought after these for long walks as I have given up trying to break them in.
These shoes are beautiful but not the same as other Tevas in this size (10). These are too tight around the toes and too short. Sadly, I wore them outside the house once and cannot return them now. But I cannot wear them either because they hurt.
These are exactly what I was looking for. They have the style of street sneakers like classic Sauconys, with a slight heel to elevate the rump just a bit (that also raises the pants leg just above wet mucky weather level). They are waterproof, comfortable and good walking shoes. I am able to slip them on and off laced up, which is a plus since I am often running after a couple of toddlers. I wish the color selection was a little more Saucony and not quite so LL Bean like, but the brown does not look too much like a hiking boot in person. If you anticipate wearing thick socks with this I would order half a size up.
Nice styling. I found the fuschia accents attractive and feminine. Nice low profile, not bulky, and the black is not too strong a color, more like a neutral charcoal.  Comfy but very little arch support. My usual size 8 was fine in length but too snug. I ended up going up a size to get a bit more width and replacing the insert with my own orthotic.
These are great shoes! I just bought them from my local outdoor store and am now sold on Tevas athletic shoes. They're much cuter than you can tell from the online photo...more shaped like a sneaker than some outdoor trail shoes that can be kind of clunky. Very comfortable. Fit is true to size. So happy with them - thanks Teva!
