Keen Targhee II
Liked these but decided to get the Targhee II mid for more stability. They do run about 1/2 size too large. The best arch support of everything I tried, and I tried quite a few, but I will probably still use an orthotic insert, and the good news is that even sizing down there is still room.
I knew that the Keen brand usually runs small and bought a size bigger. Everyone has different feet and I have narrow feet. I found the length to fit perfect but still have a problem with the heel slipping as I was hiking the Grand Canyon. I also had a hard time cinching up the laces to get a tight fit without cutting off my circulation. Narrow feet with plenty of toe room still had the heel slip on one foot. If I had purchased these at the store, I probably would have been able to seek a different style of Keen brand. After wearing them down the Grand Canyon I am now stuck with an expensive pair of Keens that I will use again but will always regret that I did not have time to return them before hiking the Grand Canyon.
Found these to be true to size. Have old Targhee's that ran 1/2 large - these did not. Same sizing as Keen Newport H2 sandals for me. True to width for Keens - always runs wider than most shoes.
Great shoe.  Felt really good.  I needed a half size larger and this shoe didn't come in a 10.5.
After owning these for a few years now, I must write another review. These are the most uncomfortable hikers I have ever owned. I ordered the right size, they just have always fit awkwardly and left my feet hurting after any walking or hiking. There just is too much room in the cute keen toe for my feet (and my feet are a little wide) causing my foot to scrunch up in the toe and feel loose in the heel. I thought if I just tightened them up and broke them in, they'd feel better. No go. I'm switching back to Merrell's.
This is honestly the ugliest hiking shoe I've tried on in my entire life, and I've tried on a lot. Sure, maybe it looks cute in a small size but with my size 10 feet the shoe looked like a giant brick. The style of the toe is so ugly and it reminded me of something I'd get for my 2 year old daughter which she would then refuse to wear. I also did not find it that comfortable, either.
I have been a fervent lover of Keen for years. I recently picked these up as a day hiker/weekend work and general outdoor activities shoe. I did a find that they are about a half size small, so I would recommend ordering a half size larger. Width-wise, they are perfect, but the length is too small in my regular size. Otherwise, insanely comfortable, as I have found all Keens to be. Extremely supportive, attractive and rugged!  
Best shoes I've ever had! I got two pairs of Keens and two Merrells to try because I wasn't sure of the size or width in both brands. I have wider feet and plantar fasciitis so I needed good support. I thought the Merrells were good, although a little narrow and tight in the toe - until I tried these on and, Wow! The Keen’s wider toe box rocks. I usually wear an 8.5 so I got a 9 and they're perfect. I went camping and I felt like a mountain goat walking over dips in the ground and tree roots. So sturdy and so comfortable, I can't say enough good things about these shoes.

I have only tried these out inside, but my word of advice when you order is to get them a size larger! I am normally a 6, but I got 2 pairs - a 6.5 and 7. Much to my surprise, I definitely needed the 7. That's a first for me. They are very comfortable right out of the box. I am anxious to try them on the trails soon.
These shoes will keep your feet dry; however, I spent a great deal of time breaking them and still have had enough blisters that I had to return from a hike early. Each time I have hiked more than 5 or 6 miles I come home blistered and cut. I am wearing the correct size (I went to was fitted for the pair I have).
There was no break-in period with these shoes. I have custom orthotics. I slipped them underneath the insoles and they fit perfectly. I usually wear a 7.5 so I ordered a size 8 to accomodate my orthotics and two pairs of socks. These shoes fit me like a glove! They hug your feet where they are supposed to. The traction is superior. They feel like four-wheel drive for your feet. I am so pleased with these shoes, that I purchased a pair for my husband. He loves them also. Again I ordered a half size larger for him and the result was a perfect fit. I like that they are shaped like a foot. I dislike shoes you have to cram your feet into.
This shoe is very narrow. It was the most narrow of all the hiking shoes and boots I tried (and I tried 5 different Keen and Merrell styles). I did go up 1/2 size but it was too tight across the top of my foot. It was already slipping on my heel, so there was no option to up another 1/2 size. I ended up keeping the Merrells. I will add they my husband bought the mens style 1/2 size up for himself and loves them.
This is my fourth pair of Keens that I tried on. I own three different styles now. They are all different sizes. I wish Keen would pay attention to sizing. This will be my last pair of Keens. I purchased this pair feeling certain that I would love them since I got the Targhee Tall Boots a couple of years ago and they fit well. I purchased the same size based on that previous pair, however these feel narrower and are really bothering my feet even after I have tried breaking them in. At this point I am forced to go out and buy some other hiking shoes for an upcoming trip.
I am a big Keen fan.  Have 5 pair of various styles.  They always fit perfectly.  This is the first one I ever got that felt just a wee bit short in the toe box.  At first I thought it would be a problem, but I wore them right out of the box on a two week cruise in the Sea of Cortez hiking the desert and sand dunes.  They felt fine.  No problems.  So I will give it a 5-star.  Might be a little tight with really thick sox, or if you are busting down a really steep long trail, but I am going to guess that this is just a one time anomaly and not a big problem.  I would still recommend ordering your regular size and try it out at home for a few days, just to be sure.  Great intermediate shoe with solid support without the extra weight and warmth of a high top hiking model.
These shoes are so comfortable I don't mind that they fall apart in about 6 months. I'm on my 4th pair. They don't seem to keep my feet dry either but maybe that's because they are coming apart between sole and upper near ball of the foot. Lugs started to tear off last pair. To be fair I weigh 235 lbs and wear a size 13, maybe this shoe is too light duty for my weight, but I do keep buying them because they fit so well right out of the box. No break-in necessary.
I've had two pair of the original Targhee II, both 9's as I wear 8.5 normally. Ordered this pair in 9 and they slipped noticeably in the heel. Not good for all day hiking. Returned for an 8.5 and low and behold they fit perfect! Maybe Keen modified the design over the years to fit true to size now.

Love these shoes, a true low cut hiker that offers superb foot protection. 
Mixed experience: I like the look and general feel, but there are two significant drawbacks: 1. They're really slippery when wet! I'd expect for a hiking boot they'd have good grip when wet, but they're dangerous on floors or smooth rock when wet. 2. Within about two months the seam on top started to come apart on both shoes. Again, really surprising as the look like high quality boots. As for fit - they're nice and wide, but actually run pretty short, so my toes are a bit pressed against the front even though I ordered a half size larger than I normally would.
Purchased these for my son who generally wears a 10.5. I ordered his usual size even though several people commented that they ran small. They arrived and were much too big. We exchanged them for a 9.5 which fit and still have plenty of room for super thick socks. The shoes look great - look very well constructed and hope to get lots of wear from them.
The Keen Targhee II shoes are great. I use them for hiking in wet and light snow conditions; they are definitely waterproof! I love the way Keen's fit; they are the most comfortable outdoor shoe I own,  This style does run small, as the sizing shart advises. I purchased a half size larger that I normally wear and they fit great.
I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas. He says these shoes have the best arch support as well as his dress shoes which are also Keens. He said it is like walking on a cloud. I think if he could have he would of slept in them. I am glad I got a 1/2 size larger as recommended by the company and other reviews. My husband has wide feet (usually wears a D in width) but he has had no problems with the width of these shoes. He is a physician is on his feet all day and is also diabetic. He has used shoes in the past with orthotic insets, but he says these shoes far outpast his other shoes. I too wear Keens and I will never wear another make of shoes ever in my life.
Get a half size bigger than your usual shoes, just like they recommend. I've always worn trail style shoes and these are some of the best I've ever worn. Have not tested how water proof they are yet, but am sure they will do fine. The colors are way more generic than the pics show, good for me, maybe not so much for you. One month in and they are sweet, playing disk golf they work well on all surfaces, dirt, grass, concrete, rocks, and a sweet toe bumper very useful. Hope they last as long as my Newport sandals have.
I ordered a size bigger than usual since Keens usually run small, but it still wasn't big enough with a 16. They also felt very narrow to me for a D. Ill try another style. 

I love the shoe but tried a smaller size because the heel slipped. Result: Same heel slip problem. Too bad. I wish they fit right because I would have kept them for sure.
I have had at least five pairs of various styles of Keen shoes and boots, and I love them. Having problem feet they are extremely comfortable because of the cushy footbed. I found out early on that I needed to order a half size larger, so instead of a 9 1/2, I now order a 10.
First pair of Keen shoes Great shoe, perfect to size fit, no break in - good and comfortable right out of the box. Found waterproof an asset in snow and slush. Also wear for casual dress!
A very nice and durable sneaker for work, trail walking, etc. The only reason I returned it is that it was a bit too stiff in the sole than what I was looking for at the present time. Order a size larger than normal. I wear a size 12 in a Keen Voyageur, but a 13 in the Targhee II.
Great shoe but slipping at the heel. Will try another size.
