Saucony Progrid™ Integrity ST 2
I was looking for a supportive shoe because I have arthritis in the big toe and a very high arch. The great thing about these shoes is that I didn't have to break them in. The first time I put them on, I didn't want to take them off at bedtime. I was undecided as to whether I should mark this shoe "felt true to size" or "felt a half size smaller". I tried two sizes and decided to keep the one with the snugger fit. I wish that the shoe had a little more padding and a thicker, bouncier sole, but I added another insole and I'm very happy. I'm thinking of buying a second pair.
Comfortable shoes. Lessened my knee and hip pain. They run a half size to a size small, though. 
Love these new shoes. Living in a small town, finding my wide shoe size, lightweight, with a wide toe box, with good support, and in the proper size can make one crazy. These shoes came, I put them on and they felt like old friends immediately. I never just put on shoes and go walking. I always slowly break in shoes. Not with these shoes. Without thinking, I went for a long, brisk walk with no sore spots or blisters at all. I bought these shoes for comfort, not for style. They delivered beyond my expectations. Love, love, love these shoes.
This is the third pair of these that I've purchased. I've just about worn out the first pair and bought a second pair recently. I like them so much that I have purchased a spare pair in case they stop selling them. They're very comfortable and are nice and clean looking, no garish colours or silly soles. I wear them every day, most of the day and rarely get tired feet. I have the EE wide size due to the bunion on my left foot and they fit comfortably. My first pair lasted well over a year and in fact are still in solid shape, just a bit grubby now.
The Saucony Progrid Integrity ST 2 is a great athletic shoe. I have a very hard to fit foot: 4AAAA width and 6AAAAAA heel combined with a very high arch. I'm thrilled to be able to buy a narrow athletic shoe online (can't find them in the stores). Previously bought New Balance 855 (they were great) but the 855 style is now completely different. Hope the ST 2 doesn't change their style. No break in time needed (if I need to break shoes in, I don't buy them); received them on a Thursday and wore them that week end on vacation with a lot of walking on uneven pavement. Do run a bit short; originally ordered 7.5 too short. Re-ordered size 8, perfect. I do wear them with the addition of an orthotic for my high arch. Overall I give them 5 stars. My feet are very happy. :-)
I love this shoe so much, I bought 2 more pairs (the last in my size). I work 12 to 16 hours a day, most of it on my feet. Usually by the end of the day, my feet are killing me. Even by the end of the first day with these shoes, my feet and even my ankles and legs bothered me much less, and without a break-in period. The shoes have great support and stability. I work in a medical facility with floors that are frequently mopped, and the soles aren't even slick on wet surfaces like my other shoes! They are so much more comfortable than the last pair of shoes I paid over a hundred dollars for. My first experience with Saucony and I am impressed. I hope these aren't going out of stock!
I have a high arch and instep; these shoes fit very well. The width is right on, but could be a little longer, so I think if there is a question in your mind, I would go with the next half size up. Overall, I am happy with them, and would certainly order them again.
