Vans Bali
I was looking for a slip-on shoe to fill the role of a flip-flop. Sperrys were too expensive for what I wanted them for and Sanuks need to start making half sizes (I could not find a size that fit). While the sizing of these Vans are off, I found a size that fits well and I like them a lot. These are not the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn, though I was not buying them for that purpose anyway. There is not much padding to speak of. And speaking of padding, the sole insert is just awful. It is a pathetically thin piece of rubber that reeks to high heaven. I do not think I have smelly feet and none of my other shoes stink (including ones I wear without socks). But these weird rubber inserts and my bare feet are a bad combination. Another bad thing about the inserts is that they easily slip out when I am taking the shoes off. That is kind of annoying. All in all, I love the look, convenience and price of these shoes. I wish the sole was nicer, but oh well!
I bought these shoes for my brother and he loves them. He dislikes footwear with bells and whistles, so this pair was perfect. I ordered them half a size smaller for him. The fit was great, even though he has very wide feet.
This shoe is fun! This shoe runs a 1/2 size small. But otherwise it's great fir me. I often receive compliments on these shoes. They wash up decent too.
I recently bought a pair of these in Charcoal/Radiant Yellow & they've turned into my go to shoe. I bought a 1/2 size smaller as most people recommended and it's the perfect fit when wearing socks. The material is really comfortable when you're not wearing socks & the overall comfort is awesome. I use them every day and I do a good bit of walking in them. The best part is that every day since I bought them I've gotten compliments on them, and they really are sharp looking shoes.
They run a little big but are great shoes and super comfortable - just order 1/2 size smaller.
I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and feel like broken in classic slipons. Since fit is more roomy than the classics, I went a half size smaller than usual.
These are like flip-flops, but in a slip-on sneaker. Sort of like slippers you can wear outside. Get a half size smaller than your normal Vans. If you wear them without socks, the insole starts to smell, but they are still wearable without the insole to avoid the sweaty stench. Great for dudes who don't like flip-flops on the beach, but need a lighter weight shoe so as not to look like so much of a haole. Good to put on after a skate sess to kick back.
These are probably one of my favorite pairs of shoes that I have ever owned. There is no better feeling than slipping into a shoe that feels like a house slipper but still feels exactly a way a shoe is meant to feel. Make sure you get a size smaller than normal, these tend to run big.

Classic look. Comfortable. Signature gummy sole. Simple. Good summer shoe. Be sure to order them a half size smaller. I'm usually a 10.5 in other brands but Vans run large. I ordered a 10 and they fit nicely.
So since these are "Easy Fit", aka roomier than their classic fit, I had to size down to 9.5 from my normal 10, but other than that they are decent. The black one with the blue highlights is not as nice as I hoped since the blue highlights weren't that visible, but whatever.
Shoes looks and feels great. Size seems to run about 1/2 size larger then the vans I replaced.
These shoes are great! They do run big, though, so order a size .5 smaller. I bought these for my boyfriend and he says they are the most comfortable pair of Vans he has ever owned. I was skeptical until I slipped them on for myself. He was so right! These are really foamy on the bottom and the fabric is not the heavy canvas that normal Vans are. Of course, this may mean that they do not withstand as much wear-and-tear as normal Vans might, but he's not using these for running around a skate park, so they should last quite fine.
Super comfortable, but make sure you buy them slightly smaller than your normal size. I am a 13 and these shoes were falling off my feet in that size!

Take out the insoles to get the closest you can possibly get to walking barefoot.
