Keen Kids Parker (Youth)
Another great shoe by Keen.  Fits true to size, durable and looks great.
In the past, I have bought LLBean or Merrell mocs for my kids each fall, and have been happy. This year, though, my kids loved their Keen sandals that I had gotten them for summer (the first Keens I'd bought them) so much that they didn't want to switch to fall shoes. Michigan weather is too cold to keep wearing sandals in, even with socks, so I insisted on real shoes. I decided to give these shoes a try, since my kids liked their Keens so much. These are great! They fit well (though based on other reviews, I had to buy a full size up for each child), they are easy to get on and off, they're comfortable, and they seem really durable. I also think they look great.
This sneaker shoe is very stylish. A great school shoe. I always size up and they fit great. The Grey is skittles lighter than on the screen, but my son didn't mind. The bungee tie is great. My son usually kicks off his shoes every chance he gets, but these have managed to stay on his feet. I would highly recommend.
I love keens for my two boys. I do usually size up with them. So sad that the pull on ankle boot has been discontinued. These are cute, lightweight and easy to secure. My 6 year old who chose them is very pleased with his purchase!
I am an adult with a small shoe size, and I have been very satisfied with this shoe. It's stylish, comfortable, and versatile. I love the lacing system and the shoe overall. Really I have no complaints!
I bought these for my 7 year old daughter to  hike, camp and play outside in.  They are true to size, easy for her to get on and off, and basically indestructable!  She likes the style because they look good with everything she wears.  I like that they don't show dirt and have great traction on wet surfaces.  We will definately buy these shoes again when she outgrows them.  Our family stands by Keen shoe quality 100%!
Finally a well fit hiker for kids! Appears very durable and my 9 year old said it's very comfortable. True to size.
My 7 year old daughter loves these Keens and she is a tough sell from both the fashion and comfort perspective. I am psyched because they seem to fit well on her. Normally we get wide shoes, so these must run slightly wide or she would reject them. She's also very hard on her shoes and these seem to be holding up to her everyday beating very well. I may buy a new pair in the next size up to be ready.
