inov-8 Roclite™ 315
As a beginning trail runner, I really wanted to love these shoes. After doing a few mudathalons last year in sneakers, I was hooked to the race and wanted to get a light trail running shoe with traction on the trail. I loved the color of these. I liked that of the natural form shoes, this one was one of Inov-8s more padded and had more stability than some of their other models. I loved the price of these compared to the other Inov-8 shoes. I did a lot of internet research and decided that because these were touted as more stable and lasting longer (souls did not have the sticky feature as some of the other Inov-8 pairs) that surely this must be the pair for me. Unfortunately, they seem very cheaply made and after only a few months of only running about 15 miles a week, the mesh at the toe area has broken at the seam and is coming loose. I am a female, and bought these the customary 1/2 size larger as advised. They are not too large nor too small. My toe was not hitting the front. In fact, the problem seems to stem from the fact that the toe box is so large and wide. I do not have a narrow foot by any means, but there is so much room that when I run down hill, the pressure increases on the mesh area and ultimately caused the mesh to break loose. I could not order a smaller size or my toe would touch the end of the shoe. Perhaps these would be better suited to a male foot. In any case, I was not impressed and although I will finish this running season out with them, next year will be buying another pair and probably another brand. These shoes do have one thing going for them, they are light, the mesh material allows for water to seep back out and for the foot to dry, and in the three mud runs I've done, I've had excellent traction and very little slipping. But the way they are cheaply made/sewn (oh, and the nylon sort of shoe lace is constantly becoming untied, even with double knots) make me say, serious runners, try something else.
My husband and I wear the same size shoe and we each have a pair of these inov-8  running shoes. It's lightweight and pretty comfortable but we both feel the toe box is too narrow.  I would probably not choose these again for myself, but my husband would. Maybe I'll just give him mine!
Great shoes - very light, yet sturdy, and versatile. Use them for a jog or for light hiking. Definitely order a half size up. 
 Great trail shoes. Very grippy tread. Great on the technical and downhill trails. These shoes eat up the terrain. But they really hate pavement! Pavement hurts like hell, because there is very little cushioning\/support in the shoes. Inov-8 made a good decision sacrificing the superfluous cushioning. For a pure trail racing shoe, that is just extra weight. One warning for Inov-8 newbies:  these shoes need at least 20 miles of breaking in before taking on a really long run, and they may give you blisters in the meantime. Treat them like a new pair of hiking boots at first. Definitely order a half size up!
Great shoes for hiking, running, etc.  Some small caveats after having them 3 seasons.  They run a half size small as stated so order accordingly.  They\'ve been through a lot and only now have a small amount of delam on the edge of one sole and the protective toe-cap ripped on one shoe but both could be fixed. I should mention I\'ve landscaped for about a month in these as well due to necessity.  Don\'t think the dust won\'t get in either because it always does.  Great summer shoe runner though! Can\'t wait to try the hi-top for hiking as I have weak ankles.
Low-profile, light-weight trail shoe - 
This was my first experience with Inov8. Most trail shoes I run in are a bit beefier. I would not recommend this shoe for rocky trail running as I'm not sure how much "plate" material is used (if any) to protect from rock corner/edge impacts. But the shoe is very comfortable, stays low to the ground. I have a med-hi arch so the cushioning was good for me. Someone requiring stability should probably not go to this shoe. The website said to size up a full size but I found that to be an overstatement, maybe size up a half size, if at all.
