Vivobarefoot Dharma
I ordered a size 16 and my first two toes were touching when I stood up. The label said 49EU/15US. It looks like a 49EU is not equivalent to a 16 US. I have to send them back.
I ordered these to wear to work with dress pants, and looking at them they are great - just look like a regular pair of loafers. They were the right size, not too tight, a little thicker in the sole than the Evo II I've been wearing, but not bad, until you stand in them - the toe is curved up so sharply you can't put your toes on the ground when standing. With the thicker sole than the Evo, the shoe doesn't want to bend as much, so you feel as though the front of your foot is being intentionally held up off the floor - it's very odd. It might help when walking, but it does not help you with a proper barefoot/minimal experience in my opinion, and I had to return them. Pity, because they are the most "normal" work minimalist shoe I've seen.
For those of you who have got into barefoot running, or just like going barefoot, this is the somewhat informal shoe for you. There is a little more padding than, say, Merrell's tough glove, but they are every bit as flexible, and they look like a normal shoe, as opposed to an athletic shoe. They are listed as European size 46, US size 13. In the past I've found that 46 is closer to 12 (my US size) or 12 1/2, and they feel like a somewhat roomy 12 (which is perfect for me.) I suspect that someone who is a true size 13 might find them snug, but worth a try. They have a wide toe box, also perfect for me and for the barefoot feel, allowing your foot to spread naturally. I rated them true to size, but I mean true to size 46, not necessarily size 13. They have no arch support, but they aren't supposed to. That's barefoot. I really like these shoes.
It is difficult to find large "barefoot" shoes so was excited to see these come in size 16. My foot did not come close to fitting in the shoe so I would say these run much smaller than posted size. Can't comment on how they felt but they looked nice and appeared well made.
