Vans Kids Authentic (Toddler/Youth)
These run really big. I ordered these 1 size down from my kids usually size, and their heels still came up when they walked. I exchanged them a 1/2 size down and darn if they weren't still big. I bought heel pads for them, and that helped a little, but still big. It seems like the heel is just big and wide. My kids have normal width feet, so not sure what's up with Vans! Ugh. A little frustrating. I ended up only keeping one of the three pairs that I bought.
Super cute shoes! Bought these for my daughter and she loved them. Comfortable and stylish. I did feel like they ran a little big though. Once we got the right size, they were great.
Very cute shoes. These run really large, 1/2 size to 1 full size too big, so just keep that in mind. With the free shipping both ways, it didn't take long to order a smaller pair and my daughter loves them. They are holding up well so far (it's been about a month). I was worried about the sequins falling off, but they are well made shoes.
My daughter loves these shoes. She loves all Vans. I think Vans run really big. My daughter is a Size 4.5 to 5 and the size 4 Vans fit her well. The only thing with these shoes is they look worn and old quickly. Otherwise they are great!
This is a really dressy sneaker :} It runs a 1/2 size big.

These run a half-size too big.  We exchanged them for a smaller size and then bought heelcups to make them fit better.  She had to keep them because they're so cute!
Very cute shoe on my little girl. Not true to size so you may need to order down one size. Lots of compliments and ooohs and ahhhhs!
I ordered these shoes for my 18 year old daughter.  she loves Hello Kitty and Vans.  She normally wears a size 4 but I knew to order a size 3.  They came the next day.  In time for her to wear them when she went out that night.  She said that they are very comfortable.  She loves them.
Bought these for my 7 y/o daughter for school, she loves them! So stylish and trendy. I ordered a size smaller than her usual shoe due to their sizing. They run small like Converse do. Great shoe!
This being our first pair of Vans for our 8 year old, I ordered down 1/2 size...no need, they were too snug. Reordered 1/2 size up and the shoes were on my doorstep the next afternoon. Genius!
These are really fun, and my five year old loves them. But they run really large, maybe even more than a full size large. We returned them once to get half a size smaller, and they are still too big!
These are so cute! They run true to size and maybe not best for a wide foot. Love the pink detail on the stitching, lace holes and laces. Super fast shipping was great!
My daughter loves this shoe. She was disappointed when we went to the Vans store and they only carried it in "adult" size. Same exact color, but in her size.
