Superga 2750 LINU
I love these Euro sneakers. The textured linen is nice, and the Lettuce Green is really khaki in real life. But since they are unisex sizes, they are just too wide for my average female foot, even with orthotics.
Superga sneakers are stylish, come in many colors,and fairly cool in hot weather (I wear mine with light, wool peds). They look good on men, women and children, with shorts, pants and skirts/dresses. Though I wear a size 8 US, I wear a 38 in these, not a 39. I have pretty wide feet, and the style of this shoe elongates them some, without sacrificing comfort. The linen styles breathe well, and feel extra cool.
This is the second pair of Superga's I've tried, and while I love the style, the fit is no good. My foot is narrow, but I have never had any issues before with shoes being too wide. Despite what other reviews said, this shoes was really wide, long, and flat! Try as I may to make this shoe work for my foot, it just wasn't happening. Also, this shoe seems to run pretty large (at least 1/2 a size larger than your normal size). Gave me blisters after wearing them a couple of times.
Awesome shoes! Adorable! A friend has them and I just had to order them because they are so cute (make your feet look tiny). However, they do run large, as some others have pointed out. I am always a size 37 in Euro sizes which there are. And they are at least a 1/2 size too big so I am exchanging for a 36.
I love these. Adorable with anything. Brand new out of the box was able to walk around DC all day over break with no socks and no problem! Would love to have another pair just to have a back up when these wear out! I wear a size 9 to 9.5 and the 40 was perfect!
I love these sneakers! Simply adorable, a must have for any fashionista. Perfect addition to your Spring and Summer wardrobe. I initially ordered my regular size which turned out to be a full size too big.
These are so comfortable! I tried Converse after Converse and then found these. And they don't make my feet look really big like Converse do. They seem to run big - maybe that's the unisex sizing. I wear and 9.5 and had to send the first pair back for a smaller size. Perfect.
Simplicity and good looks - 
Linen is subtle but nicer and a bit more grown-up than plain cotton, adding to the clean look of these sneakers. They're lightweight and comfortable, although a little more padding/arch support might be nice. I originally ordered my normal size but had to exchange them for a full size smaller. 

I really wanted this shoe to fit! But because it's a unisex size, it was very uncomfortable on my somewhat narrow foot. I didn't know it was a unisex size when I ordered it, otherwise I would not have. Sadly, as cute as they are, they are going back.
