Converse Kids Chuck Taylor® All Star® Core Hi (Infant/Toddler)
These are the best go to play shoes for little walkers. They fit true to size and can withstand wear and tear very well.
Converse are cute and very true to size. My children never complain about their feet hurting with Converse sneakers.
These shoes are a classic. But, beware, they run big. At least a half size too big. My toddler loves them. 

I get Converse for my toddler every year. These are perfect, true to size, and go with everything. Wish there were more Converse high top options with Velcro since dealing with a toddler in laces is sometimes annoying.
Very cute. Runs a little big though, so if you're a size 9, go with the 8. Otherwise a good buy.
Adorable shoe, but be avare that it runs a size bigger. My daughter currently wears toddler 10 and I had to get her a 9 in Converse. My little girl is a true mini fashionista and lives in Converse. 
These shoes are super cute! They are very flexible for new walkers. They run a bit big but I went with the size my son is currently wearing and he can walk great. I think it' is also the style of the shoe, they look like banana feet, if you know what I mean. I definitely recommend them, they are too cool!
Great shoes - the color is a very nice navy. Only thing is that they run very big! I would say anyone who purchase these go down a size.
These shoes are too cute on little feet! However, My review is for the wide feet toddler. My son normally wears a 5W. Although Converse does not make this shoe in wide, the structure of the shoe is fit for wide feet; which is why I love them for him. He can get the wideness and cute,sporty look with any outfit. So reviews said to get a size smaller. But for him I stuck with a size 5 and they worked out great. Long story short, wide feet should stay true to size.
These shoes are super cute! They do run about a 1/2 size too big, but other than that they are great shoes for affordable price!
Nice shoe, initially used for a wedding (wanted something that would be worn again). Only complaint was the sizes run bigger (even after measuring his foot and using the sizing charts). But it was easy to return and exchange for a size smaller.
