Tsukihoshi Kids Arisa (Toddler/Youth)
Really nice, comfortable shoes. Easy on and off. I had to get 2 sizes smaller for a proper fit. 
This is an awesome shoe - hard as heck to size, this was my second or third try on this pair.They usually run at least one size bigger, but it's not consistent. Sadly, my daughter didn't like the support on the side of the shoes. She has a very high arch and the shoe sides felt a bit too confining, because they do close in pretty tight with the Mary Jane closure. It might have been a touch wide, come to think about it.
My daughter loves these lightweight shoes. She has been wearing this style for at least two years -- I just order in the next size as her feet grow!
I've never bought this brand before, but I'm happy with the purchase. My daughter and I love this style. She loves the colors. These shoes do run big. I got her a size smaller than she usually wears and they seem to run a little wider. They are very lightweight. So far we are very happy with this purchase and we've looked into buying a 2nd pair in gold.

Perfect comfortable shoes, very lightweight. Run about half size bigger. Good quality.
Love Tsukihoshi shoe gear, it is very light and easy to put on and take off for my kids. The colors and style are pretty trendy. The shoe however, tends to run a bit big. We had to exchange a few times to get the right size.
My very picky, ultra-girly first grader has PE 3 days a week and I was scouring this site for a pair of shoes that she would find "pretty" enough to wear every day with her dresses but would be suitable for PE. I ordered 4 pairs for her to choose from, and she chose these. They are very lightweight, I was really surprised when I took them out of the box. She deems them comfortable with socks and without. She chose them over shoes with flowers on them, so they must be really comfortable! They are easy off and on (which is also important for her). Mom is happy because she's wearing a solid pair of shoes and the PE teacher won't give me dirty looks. Because they are so lightweight, I'm a little concerned about durability (which I can't comment on since we have had them for 2 days), but am glad to know they can be washed. I agree that they run 1/2 size large. I ordered my daughter's usual size and 1/2 size down to make sure we have room for growth, and the larger ones slipped on her feet.
Unlike most Tsukihoshis, this style felt true to size.  They usually fit a half size larger that what's listed.
I love these shoes! They are cute, stay clean and my girls all love them. Great buy! They do run a little on the large size.
Cute shoe, but runs very wide.  I ordered a full size down hoping they would work, but they are still too wide for my daughter.
Wishing I had read the recommendation that you order a half-size down... I ordered my daughter's usual size, and these shoes are huge! Reordering now in 11.5 instead of 12, and I expect she'll still have a thumb's-width of toe room to grow. She loved the silver and pink, they provide the support she needs, and they're so lightweight! Now to see how they wear...
My daughter loves these shoes. We found them to run a tiny bit bigger than the Euro, so we ended up with a half size smaller than the size she wears in the Euro. They are super cute and always her first choice.
