Saucony Grid Type A5
After significant research, I purchased this racing shoe as an alternative to my minimalist "barefoot" style shoe that provides a slight amount of cushion for longer runs. While I have had no problems with my other shoes, I wanted to be cautious as I increased mileage. These are the lightest shoes I have ever owned. They are also extremely comfortable. Based on other recommendations, I ordered one size up and they fit perfectly. These shoes allow me to continue to run barefoot style, as opposed to heel striking, while providing some cushion. Since I do not run off-road in these shoes, I have not issues with the holes in the bottom filling with debris as others have mentioned. I highly recommend this shoe.
I use these shoes for crossfit and I love them. I have narrow feet but I still needed to order a half size larger than usual. 
Love this shoe! My new favorite. If you are looking for a flat running shoe with minimal support, this is a great one. It is extremely light and flexible. This shoe is NOT meant to provide cushion and support, so I don't understand the complaints about it not having support/cushion...it's not supposed to. While I think it's great for running, I also love this shoe for Crossfit workouts. I am not a fan of the barefoot feel and look in other shoes, but this shoe is flat and minimal yet still fits and looks like a regular running shoe and comes is fun colors. I always go up a half size with Saucony.
Great shoe, but runs very small.  I ordered a 6 and had to return for a 7.  I've never worn a size 7 in any shoe before, so these are definitely a full size smaller.  Great colors and a very comfortable lightweight shoe.
First I exchanged this shoe for a half size larger and then had to exchange again for a full size larger. Usually I can count on Saucony to fit well with my usual size. I love the lightweight but so little support, but I use them for walking, not running.

Great shoe but I needed to exchange for half size larger.  I've worn Saucony's for years using my custom orthotics but required larger size in this style
