ASICS GEL-Ace™ Tour
Had to have golf shoes to support a pronation problem. These do the trick perfectly.  After 18 holes, feet and ankle feel great.  Shoes are stylin' too!  Had to reorder a slightly bigger size and replacements and returns were incredibly easy/quick.  Excellent shoes! 
I initially ordered these shoes in a size 13, but they were too large.  After waiting quite a while for the size 12's to come into stock, I ordered those in as well.  Those, unfortunately, were too small.  I loved the style of the shoe, and I always wear Asics for my running shoes, it's just unfortunate that they don't make these in a 12.5 size.  They also felt too narrow on my feet.  I also noticed quite a bit of heel slippage in the larger 13 size, which I credited to them being too big.  However, the smaller size 12's also slipped on my heel.  It feels like the heel area is just too shallow for my feet.
I've run in Asics shoes for years and thought I try their golf shoes. I have a wide foot so I ordered a half size larger and they are a perfect fit. This is the first time I've bought a pair of shoes on the internet that fit the first time. I love them.
I bought these for my boyfriend, and he loves them. We saw them in a golf magazine, and he just knew he had to get them. Asics have had a good long history in the running world, so he felt confident they would be a good shoe. Knowing what he wore in previous Asics he got the same size, and they fit perfect. He said they were comfortable throughout the whole day. The gel in the sole was like walking on clouds. And the cherry on top, they are water proof. Unfortunately, the day of his golf tournament it poured all day. And even though he accidentally walked into a puddle, he said his socks remained dry all day. I may have to look into a pair for myself. Any store in the area that would have had these shoes was already sold out. And since we came across the article so close to the tournament we ordered them next day delivery. To my surprise they actually showed up at our door a day earlier then expected. 

I have always purchased FootJoy Dryjoys, but this shoe beats a Dryjoy hands down! It offers comfort, support, my feet stay dry on wet morning grass, and after being caught in the rain. The shoe is also stylish, and everyone has asked where they can buy this shoe. ASICS has a very good golf shoe here, and you will love the comfort and fit. You must try them on, I found that I needed a 10.5, and my normal shoe size is a 10. It offers a stable platform for a good golf swing. Buy the shoe; you will love it more than the golf shoes you now have!

by far the most comfortable golf shoe I have ever owned.  The cushion in the heel is awesome to walk in. The shoe fits very true to size and has a tight lace up system.  Very stable throughout the golf swing.  Only complaint is and its minor is the heel hangs down a little more then conventional golf shoes and can drag on the turf so be careful on greens.  After a day in these you get use to the heel and I don't have a problem anymore.
Playing golf 5 times per week I am giving these shoes a workout.  They have been comfortable yet provide needed support and grip for a golf swing.  They are a touch narrower in the mid foot (feels like C width) but I needed that as I was intentionally going up a size with this purchase for greater toe room.  I recommend this shoe.
I bought these shoes over the weekend and so far they are the most comfortable golf shoes that I have ever worn. They are true to size in both width and length. I actually soaked them in water and wore them while I was washing my SUV and did some yard work to break them in. I must say best Army training technique I have ever used as well very comfortable. I personally do not like the black stripe down the middle, but comfort over beauty any day!
