Keen Arcata
Love this shoe! Great room and I have wide feet. Too much room that I have to return and I will a 1/2 size down.  No arch support but it will be comfy-great when I replace it with some orthotics!
These arrived the day before our Spain vacation. Wore them, along with my Paradise Sandals and Venice H2 water sandals. All my travel shoes are Keens! Comfortable, stylish...we walked everywhere and my feet were still happy at the end of the day. True to size, no problems from day one. I wear them with lightweight no-show socks.
I've started wearing my Keen Arcata shoes as soon as I got them.  They were just what I was looking for, casual but comfortable.  I have a long narrow foot and appreciate the fact that Keens carry a 10 1/2 size.  I wore these on a trip to California and walked all over San Francisco and found them to be very comfortable.
Love them. So comfy. I usually wear a size 8, but because the height in the toes is narrower than usual I had to go a half size up. Great with socks but a little loose without socks. The shape doesn't make them look too big on my short legs. I love the width of Keens; nice and wide!

This is one amazingly comfortable shoe! Has a cool removable cushion insert; you don't feel like you're wearing a flat soled shoe! Nothing to break in, no rubbing. I wear a size 10 and I had no problem - true to size. Great style! Looks great with jeans or shorts. So glad I purchased!
I got these shoes because I needed cute, everyday shoes that were quality shoes that would last and also have the support I was lacking in my current shoes. I chose these because I know Keen is a great brand, and I also liked the style. They aren't quite as bright as they are in the picture online. I could also use a tiny bit more arch support. However, they overall seem to be great, quality shoes. Be prepared to break them in just a little. The opening of the shoe is a little stiff - they chafed my heel a little the first day. No problems since then! Also - buy a half size up! Keens run a little small.
I have bought Keen shoes in the past but only the water sandals. This is an adorable canvas and leather walking shoe. The blue-green is a beautiful color. The shoe feels supportive and I love that the liner can be removed for washing. I was looking for a fashionable shoe for walking through Italy this summer. I had to go down half a size in the Keen brand.
