Nike Lunarfly+ 3
These are so unbelievably comfortable! I have been looking for something like the Nike Dual Fusion RN (which they discontinued) so I've been using my old shoes for 2 years because I couldn't find anything comparable until these. These are way better than my old ones. I was looking for a shoe with a bounce/spring when walking, jogging, and running. It took a few days to break these in by walking, but I just went for a run and they were amazing. I had my bounce back. They're true to my size. There is a slight arch support, very comfortable. I need to stock up on these in case Nike discontinues another great shoe!
I have worn Nike Lunarglides for the last couple of a year (I was fitted at a running store and that is what they recommended for me based on my foot shape, pronation, running style, etc.). I saw that this shoe was also recommended for someone with mild pronation so I decided to compare the two. I ended up picking the Lunarfly because when comparing side-by-side, the Lunarglides were so cushy it felt like I was wearing a heel, just seemed like too much cushion. I liked how the Lunarfly provided stability but with not quite so much shoe. They are comfortable during my runs, ranging from 3 to 12 miles; however, I am finding the outer edge of my feet sometimes hurt the next day, which I never had before with the Lunarglides. I'm fairly flat-footed and am guessing I really did need the extra cushioning of the Lunarglides, at least on my longer runs. If you like a minimal shoe and don't need as much support, you will like this shoe. On a secondary note, I wish all running shoes these days didn't look like clown shoes. I felt the Lunarfly was more attractive than the Lunarglide, which made my feet look huge. As for sizing, these shoes, like all Nikes, are about a half to a full size bigger than your everyday shoe size, depending on how much extra room you like in the toe box area. I usually wear a size 9 and got the 9.5 which provides a comfortable but snug fit.

I love these shoes! Very comfortable and I always get compliments on their appearance. They have a lot of arch support! The first day I wore them my feet were almost 'sore' as my foot arches adjusted to the support but I wasn't mad at that. My one little complaint was that all reviews said to order them 1/2 a size bigger than you're usual shoe size; I did that and upon trying them on they were a tad (about 1/2 a size) too big. So I'd say stick with your usual size. 
Love these! Really comfortable and great color combination. I recommend ordering one full size up from your usual shoe size--I'm consistently an 8 or an 8.5 in shoes and had to order a 9.5 in these.
Ordered these for my daughter. They look great on! Great color. Great fit! To us Nike always runs pretty true to size.
These are great shoes! Unfortunately I am in between sizes 8½ and 9 and I normally get Nikes in an 8½ because they fit, but these were too small and I have to send back for the 9. The sole of the shoe is not comfortable at all which was fine with me because I had already bough my own inserts for them with better arch support and way more cushioning. Plan on buying your own as the inserts are hard and thin. Overall I love the feel and look, I just need a bigger size. These are highly recommend.
