Vans Bixie W
I own a ton of Vans, and these are about half a size too small. If you're an 8.5, get a 9. The insole is thick (feels like a chunk of styrofoam) unlike any other pair of Vans I've ever tried on, and I don't like it. I'm wondering if a regular insole would allow these shoes to fit true to size.
These are a really cute and casual summer shoe. I'm a 6.0-6.5 and I feel the sizing runs 0.25-0.5 sizes small but only initially. I bought a 6.5 and at first it rubbed the back of my heel and was tight around the toes, but stretched out within about 1 week of wear to a true size 6.5.
Nice, light weight, casual flat.  I ordered a half size up and they fit fine.



These shoes fit true to their size.  They are really cute on. Upon closer inspection I noticed the braided rope part around the bottom was glued on.  But it does have a rubber bottom which is better in most situations than an all hemp bottom.
They're true to size though, because of my wide feet, they are a bit snug at the forefoot. As I wear them I'm sure they'll stretch out. Soles are disappointingly thin though the insert provides a lot of support.
I was very happy to get my pair of Aloha sneakers from Vans.  The style and construction were perfect but they are running very small.   I had a very hard time getting them. I took out the insole, but the hill was still hurting a lot.  Hopefully one size bigger will work.
I have these in the Hemp, when I bought them in a size 8 my size in nearly all vans, but these were too small until I took the soles out and they fit perfectly. The soles are very think and I did not care for them anyways. If you do choose to use the soles included I would order at least a half size up.
Nice style and fabric but half a size too small. I am a true 6.5 M and I ordered a 6.5 M but could hardly fit my foot into this shoe, hence ended up ordering a size 7! Definitely order 1/2 size bigger than your normal size.
Well made, medium support, nice basic style. I put arch supports in mine and it made a big difference as far as walking comfort.
I often wear a 10 but in Vans I order a half size up.
