PUMA Soleil - Suede Wn's
Good/stylish casual sneaker. Should have ordered half size smaller, Puma runs larger in size. 
Love these shoes! Perfect fit (size 6.5), great arch support. No problem with the grosgrain laces, plenty long enough for me.
This is a cute & comfy shoe that runs true to size. It looks good with capris & casual skirts. The tips of the shoelaces are the same gold color as the puma logo, a nice detail. The laces tend to come untied so tying a double bow helps.
I had to return them because they run a size big. I usually wear size 9 in Puma, but this 9 feels like 10.
I considered ordering up a half size based on others' reviews, but my regular size fits me fine. The heel does slip very slightly but it isn't enough to bother me. These are the perfect shoes for running around on a casual Saturday. Love them!
I'm a nurse and on my feet at least 8 hours straight a day, aside from walking 20 minutes to and from work, and these shoes are perfect. They're very light and comfortable and make my feet look small, too. Be aware that they do run half a size too big. I'm usually exactly a 9.5 but with Pumas 9 fit me perfectly.
I wanted a low profile sneaker that I could take on business trips to use while running through airports, getting from hotels to the office, taking walks during lunch and wearing to the fitness room for some treadmill/bike action. I am a size 9.5, and I ordered these in 9.5. These Puma's are very cute, light and low profile. When I put them on, they felt like slippers. However, I have to return them because there is a lot of heel slippage (even though they fit through the toe and in width). I used the top lace-up holes, hoping my heel wouldn't slip so much, and it helped, but then the issue became the very short tongue on the shoes, when the top hole is laced, it hits at exactly the end of the tongue, so after about 6 steps, the lace is hitting the top of my foot rather than the shoe tongue, which became uncomfortable. It's a shame, because I like the style and the fit (other than the heel slip). Note, this shoe has zero arch support (coming from a very flat-footed woman).

I got these instead of Puma Speedcats because I haven't been able to find them in my size. They seem like a good replacement; nice padding on the inside, good arch support, lace up firmly. I ended up returning them for a smaller size, though. Other reviewers said true to size, but I found them a little big, so I'm going a half size down. 
