Nike Zoom Structure+ 15
The support in this shoe for mild pronation was excellent! And it is so darned hard to find an athletic shoe in a narrow size. It made a huge difference in how good the shoe felt. I could actually feel my foot position correct itself. But I usually wear between a size 7.5 and 8 in all my shoes. I ordered this in a size 8 and the my toes are right at the front of the shoe. I have returned and ordered an 8.5. A definite first for me as I have never worn that large a shoe in my life. I am hoping that the size 8.5 will not be too large as I just loved the support of the shoe and the color of blue is awesome!
It was love when I opened the box of happiness. The pink is bright (think highlighter pink) and awesome. I get compliments on them during races. They are ridiculous and awesome at the same time. I highly recommend these shoes. I have been wearing the Zoom Structure since 2009, and Nike keeps making great improvements on the overall design of the shoes. They are not heavy shoes, which is nice, because they are corrective shoes. Once you get about 30 miles on them, they soften up and it is like putting on a pair of slippers. I had the black with pink before I purchased these and I loved those as well. When you purchase running shoes, make sure you purchase half a size larger than your regular wearing shoes, to allow for toe expansion and foot swelling that occurs during exercise. If you can, visit a specialty running store to have your stride analyzed so you know that you are wearing the proper shoes.
Nike is the only brand I wear for sneakers. These are comfortable but just a little too short. My toes are cramped. I bought my usual size but cannot believe that the length of shoes is uniform. Too bad. These are really nice running shoes. But I may have to just wear them at the gym.
If you have trouble with your arches, this is the tennis shoe for you! I just bought my second pair of the Nike Zoom Structure series. I have very high arches, and these shoes give me total support. My feet are comfortable all day. They wear very well, and look great! I will definitely buy another pair once these wear out. One piece of advice, I order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. I normally wear a size 5, but the 5.5 is better...not as snug. 
Great shoe but I found that most of the colors of this shoe run a half a size small. I am always a 7 in Nike and so I purchased a my first pair of this shoe in grey and it was true to size. I liked the shoes so much that I ordered them in hot pink and black w/ pink but the size 7 were a half of a size too small and had to get a 7.5 in these colors.
I have worn the Zoom Structure (used to be Structure Triax) for years and I just love the shoe. I need stability and cushion, and this shoe delivers. I don't run a lot - only 10 - 12 miles per week, but these will last for six months or so without getting too soft. I love the new bright colors. I order a half size up from my normal shoe size for these running shoes.
I've worn the Structure Triax series since the 11's and find that these are a worthy successor to the previous model. These have even better support and are more comfortable but for some reason felt like a quarter size longer than before. Not a big deal because I just wear thicker socks. And what's with the color offerings? I had to check to make sure that these were for the men's Structure because the colors are a bit fruity. Bring back the white with red and black trim.
These shoes run really really narrow. I ordered them as EE wide as all Nikes tend to run narrow. However, these weren't even close to EE wide. They would be considered narrow even for standard Nikes. By the end of my first and only run in these my feet were aching. Last Nike shoes I ever buy. Overpriced, average quality, and incorrectly sized.
I diligently shopped for this shoe.  On a scale of 1-10 it is a 10 in style and comfort.  I wear an 11.5 and had to get a 12 so get 1/2 size up.  This shoe is comfortable for my flat foot because it does not have a big arch support.  Great running shoe.
This is a very nice looking sneaker. It fits well, and it's true to size. It looks better in person than in the picture.

