Sperry Kids Angelfish (Youth)
Had to send back 2 pair because they were both too big! Now, the size I really do need is out of stock. Great shoe though!
I have small feet so I have decided to buy kid size instead of women size. They are cute shoes but I think kid shoes do not have a good support like women shoes. The shoes/feet get wet when I wear them longer than an hour in warm summer. Seem like they do not have a good enough vent.
After reading the reviews, I decided to size down to a size 2 (I usually wear a youth 3 or women's 5). They came and were way too small! I returned them and ordered my normal size of youth 3 and they still felt slightly too small. I had to return them and actually get a half size bigger than I normally do. I loved the shoe but wish I could just be wearing them already instead of returning them for a second time.
These are so adorable. I liked them but decided to return them because they were perfect size. I like my shoes with a little room. Since I walk a lot I need comfort. I am a size 5.5 but a 6 is too large so I just got the Sperry Kids Bluefish instead. The size 5.5 fits great with a little room to spare the way I like it.
Bought the size 5.5. I usually wear about a 7 in womens, but had to send them back, as they were way too big. Just received my size 5s and they fit wonderfully!
Very comfortable but seems to run big.  I purchased these for myself as I wear a size 5 womens and typically a youth 3 fits, but am sending back and trying a size 2 instead.  Hope the fit cause I love the shoe!
I bought these shoes in 5.5 youth, for my daughter who wears a size 7 or 7.5 in woman's shoes. These fit great, and she had a little extra room to grow without her walking out of them. These are great looking shoes, and very comfortable. My daughter loves them.
Shoe runs true to size. They are cute and comfortable. The only negative is leather laces come untied frequently.
Shoes are awesome! My daughter loves them, and as soon as they have my size. I will order me a pair too! Fast shipping!
I bought these for my 13 year old and she really loved them. I was really glad to see the reviews of how big they run in size so even though she wears a 7 I bought a 5 in the youth and they are a perfect fit,thanks so much for the information. These are truly beautiful shoes.
Super cute shoes! My girls love them. I will say, though, that at first, the heels hurt your foot for the initial wear. I put a little cushion strip in the back of one of my daughter's shoes and it helped until she wore them a second time. Then, I removed it. Perfect. After that, they fit like a glove and they are super comfortable. I even bought a youth size 7 for myself! I wear an 8 1/2 women size and the youth 7 fit great. Adorable and sturdy.
