Converse Jack Purcell® CP
These are great shoes. They are comfortable and cute. They fit well. I usually wear 6 in Converse, but in these, my normal size, 6½ women, fit me great. They also have a little more cushion than regular Chuck Taylors.
True to size.  Very similar fit and feel to traditional Chuck Taylor Converse.  Just a little more fashionable.
These shoes go well with shorts, jeans, khakis, etc. They are perfect with almost any style. Although they fit half s size small I definitely am glad that I chose to get the Converse Jack Parcels. Now I have to get the black ones.
According to Wikipedia, Jack Purcell was a world champion badminton player in 1933. He designed his shoes in 1935. Converse bought the rights to the shoes in the 1970s. It's time to retire these shoes. Unlike most other shoes, Purcell shoes have a removable insert cushion instead of a permanent cushioned insole. I should have been suspicious. If removable insoles were such a great idea, why doesn't anybody else do them? The pain didn't start right way. I noticed my ankles were sore after a couple of days. I wondered if my feet were slipping around in the new Purcells. I tied the laces tight but the pain continued. Then I tried wearing a Converse Chuck Taylor on one foot and the Purcell on the other (same size). It didn't take long for me to realize the pain was coming from the foot with the Purcell. There is no padding once you remove the insoles on the Purcells so don't think you are getting more padding. My hunch is that the insole has to made stiffer because it is not glued to the shoe. Even then, it slips in the shoe causing lateral (side-to-side) movement. I only walked and rode a bike in them. I doubt if you could run far in them without causing yourself pain. I am a big fan of Converse's Chuck Taylors but I will never wear the Purcells again.
I got a size 12, but they narrow too much at the ball of the foot. Wish they fit because they're very cool. You just have to be thin footed.
