ASICS Gel-Pulse® 3
I'm basically writing this review to address Asics sizing.  I have an older pair of Asics and 9.5 fits fine.  In the new styles (all of them!) I am at least 10.5 and usually 11!  Crazy since I'm 8.5 in a dress shoe or sandal.  This shoe seems to run at least a size small and most likely a size and a half.  Plan accordingly.  
love the jel! I run about 12miles a week on treadmill and these are great. They are a little snug and I will go up 1/2 a size next time but even tight they are still comfortable. I switched from Addidas and an 8 was good.I will be getting the Asics again!
The Asics Gel Pulse 3 shoes are great for my knee issues. I have to wear shoes with cushion to reduce impact of aerobic activities due to past knee surgeries. These are perfect. I have one pair for everyday use and one I use for working out. For me these fit true to size as Nike's fit are too narrow for my feet. Colors on the red/pink dark gray shoes appear the same as in picture vs. other reviewers comments.
Very happy at how comfortable these sneakers are!  The fit is true to size, with moderate arch support.  
I love Asics shoes and these are no exception. They are great for outdoor and indoor use. They provide nice arch support and fit true to size. These running shoes are great if you have medium width feet.
These are absolutely my shoes of choice for work. The main function of my job is walking for 10 hours. They exceed the demands made on them. The mesh keeps my feet cool, and the inserts are like walking on marshmallows. Like most agree, though, Asics generally run half a size small.

I have several pairs of these, and alternate them just to give a pair a chance to dry out inside. The thing is, the Gel Pulse hasn't yet yet begun to wear out. My first pair has been in use for 9 months. The lasting, soles and laces have held up great. My only wish is that Asics made replacement inserts.
The Asics Gel-Pulse 3 are fantastic.  I usually wear Kayanos but thought I would try these since my left toe goes through the Kayano within one week.  The size is correct it is just the way the Kayano is made.  The Gel Pulse 3, however, is great all around.  I run between 8-10 miles a week and do interval training for about the same and these are great on my feet.
I love these shoes! I am on my feet for 8 hours a day and they make my feet feel wonderful! I ordered a size up just because I am kind of in between and 11 and 12. The best part is that I didn't even have to break them in before wearing them all day at work! Highly recommend these!
Super comfortable shoes! They ran a bit big on me. I usually wear a 9, which is what I ordered. Depending on the sock, they can feel big, I should have sized a 1/2 size down but I still love them and recommend them. I also have a normal to narrow foot and these are great as I've found a lot of running shoes to be too wide and roomy on me. If you have wide feet, they might now work. Very cushiony and I think they look great with black yoga or running pants/shorts!
I am very happy with these shoes. My feet have never felt so good. Thank you for offering size 12.5. I will be back for more!
Shoe is true to size and extremely comfortable. Love the free shipping!
