adidas Originals Rod Laver
Runs about a half-size small, and is a bit narrow.  I returned mine for the next size up and am completely satisfied.
Adidas Rod Lavers are the most comfortable shoes that I own! That's because they are also my favorite shoes. Keep in mind that since Adidas run in European sizes, you might have to move up a size or so. For example: I wear a size 11.5 in converse, but in Adidas, I wear a size 13. Once you find the right fit, they might be the most comfortable sneakers you'll ever own. I also love the material arrangement of breathable mesh, ultra lightweight polyurathane soles and durable suede overlays. Even though they were originally made for tennis, Lavers have become even more functional today as they are also used for the sport of Footbag as well great and stylish casual shoes. But the most significant use that I have found for them believe it or not, is that they are the best dance shoes that I have come across. For me, these shoes have all the perks, timeless classics that can be worn with anything, ultra comfortable, super lightweight and extremely durable that can go hard on the dancefloor without weighing or slowing the groove down. Trust me, I've been styling and getting down in these for years, so please don't let these pass you by!

My modest review has more to do with my pancake feet than the shoe. I love the look of the shoe; it's exactly what I want it to be. Unfortunately, the shoe runs too narrow for my flat feet. It's narrower than other comparable shoes (Converse All-stars, Nike Pro Sport). I ended up with the Nike Pro Sport canvas shoe. The Nike is fine for my feet but I just love the look of the Laver and wish they made a wide size.
These are men's shoes and I ordered my size they recommended for women and the fit is great. These are so sharp looking and remind me when I was in school in the 60's & 70's. The only thing I wish is when I checked out the video, I'd have liked to see a girl wearing them as well to get a better visual. These look great with jeans or shorts. Sporty, yet classy.
Fits true to size and looks Great! These Rod Laver Adidas are very comfortable and the soles are very quiet when walking. I really like the retro look!
Just got mine in yesterday. Wore them for the first time last night. I am a size 7.5 in mens and they fit perfect at that length. The shoes runs a little narrow which I dont really care for, but Im not sending back for that either. The shoe is a little snug right now but Im waiting to see how it breaks in. The arch support is great. Not used to having that in my other shoes so its kinda hard to get use to at first but Im sure in the long run its going to be great for my foot. So over all, I love this shoe other than its pretty narrow. I gen. like wider shoes.
