PF Flyers Bob Cousy - All American
This was the first pair of PF's that I have purchased. Everyone I come in contact with says nice converse! I then explain to them that this is the Acura of Converse. Without the cushion, these shoes would really wear on your soles if you wore them all day. Very sleek design, and fits true to size. I will definitely be purchasing more colors.
I was looking for an old school sneaker like I had when I was a kid, but didn't want Chucks (too little padding in the insole, no arch support). Heard they had brought back the "Posture Foundation" sneaker and tried them on for size. These shoes are the deal! All-day comfort and they look different than your average Chucks. If you want comfort and a conversation starter (What, they still make those?!), these are the sneaks for you!

These are much more comfortable then Converse Chuck Taylor's. I used to think so 35 years ago and I still do today. They're wider, have more cushion in the soles, and unlike CT's, they actually do have some arch support. I'll wear these and Pro-Keds, but I try to stay away from Chuck Taylors because they're so uncomfortable. I buy a lot of shoes and I'd say that these fit true-to-size. That's regular shoe sizing and not Converse sizing, by the way. I normally wear a 10.5-11 and the 10.5 fit me perfectly. In Chuck Taylor's, I wear a 9.5.
Shoes are great, feels like chucks but slightly different. I decided to get a size 7 in these but unfortunately I got a size that were too small. I usually wear a size 8 in vans and a size 7 in chucks, but I believe these run in between. For future customers I would recommend you get your true size or just a half size down.
Caveat: I'm reviewing from a woman's perspective, though I believe these are unisex shoes. These sneaks are cute and comfy. They do resemble all stars, but they've got a higher profile (lift), which I like. They fit true to size, nonetheless, the slightly rub and move around on my Achilles heel--but I solved that with gel inserts made for that spot. Finally, I think these are cute with bootcut jeans, shorts, and capris.
I like the look of white Converse All-Stars oxfords, but they always pinched my toes unless I sized up. These have the same look as the low-top Chucks, but with a wider toe-box and a more cushioned sole. They're light and breathable which makes them perfect for summer and only look cooler once worn out. 
OVERALL: More comfortable/wider than Converse or Vans.

