Sebago Clovehitch II
Comfortable shoe, good materials, good looks, goes well with shorts, jeans, chinos, anything. I'm usually size 10.5 but had to exchange for a 9.5. I've never had to go down a full size before but I'm happy with the service.
This shoe met all my requirements for a comfortable everyday shoe that can be worn to work and look dress casual (medium brown). The pictures are accurate and the size is accurate. The side panels do offer ventilation but looks like leather panels and adds to the look of the shoe. A flattering, comfortable shoe that is well made.
Great shoes, 2nd pair. 1st pair held up well on 1500 mile ocean voyage!
Excellent customer service and quick shipping/delivery.
Ordered a pair for my Dad, I ordered wrong size. Returned, no hassle and had correct size in a week! They do what they promise. 
My husband loves these shoes. He wears them all the time. We had to order a half size up, though. His feet are very hard to please!
The shoes are even better than expected.  Quality throughout and very, very comfortable. May be slightly a bit larger than sized but you aren't going to get them back.  Good looking, too.
Comfortable shoe. It is sized a little wider than most boat shoes that I wear. I do not like the contrasting suede inserts on the side. However, I knew that up front and am willing to live with that appearance issue. Time will tell if the sole is durable enough to last.
I wear a size 12, but my foot is not a "D" width. It seems that most shoe companies think longer means wider and they don't make anything narrower than a "D." This shoe (and another style by Sebago I own) comes in a medium width that fits me great. They also offer it in a narrow width. Not only do I like the fit, but the styling is better than similar shoes in other brands.
I wanted a brown pair of casual shoes, and decided on this pair. I normally wear a 10.5 but will be wearing these with no socks and went with a size 10. They fit great. I like the design of the shoe, and they are pretty comfortable except for one area. The sides of my small toe rub against the stitching where the two materials (darker leather and lighter woven) join together. After a few hours wearing these it starts to get pretty annoying, the only reason for my 3 star comfort rating. Otherwise these shoes are great.
I have narrow feet (A width) and often have to purchase Allen Edmonds shoes. I read that the Clovehitch II came in a narrow, so I thought I'd give it a try. The shoe is quite comfortable, especially in comparison to my Sperry Topsiders. I wear them with Dockers type pants. I often walk 5-10 minutes to meetings and these shoes provide the cushion for that kind of daily wear. I typically wear size 10.5A in most shoes but I bought size 10N in the Clovehitch II. They still fit a bit roomy, especially in the heel and toe box. I can tie the laces tight which helps, but the shoe will never fit snug on my narrow foot. So, I'd recommend these shoes but remember to buy at least a half size smaller than you normally wear, and if you have very narrow feet they may not fit at all.
