Ryka Aqua Fit 4
These are really comfortable shoes for water aerobics. They fit great. I wear between a 6 sometimes a 6.5 and ordered these in a size 7. They give me a good amount of resistance. After the first wear the tongue loosened and now they are easier to get on and off. The only flaw is the toggle. It is not easy to loosen or tighten it because there's not much more room on the lace to slide it. But I have already had many people ask me where I bought them. I highly recommend these shoes for water aerobics. Give them more than one wear to review them because you need to give them time to stretch. I am very happy with this purchase!
I have been buying Ryka Aqua Shoes for over 12 years. I am a Group Excercise Instructor, and teach Aqua,(In water and on deck) these shoes get heavy usage. I bought Aqua Fit 4 to replace my Ryka slip on water shoes that were discontinued. They are almost as good.
These Water shoes will fit a narrow foot perfectly because of the bungie lace adjustment. In fact the bungie lace for me  was too long. 
Medium width feet should also be fine. These shoes are also true to size and have good traction in water and on land. Only if your foot is wider than medium would you feel this shoe is short. Will be buying an extra pair before these are discontinued as well.
Superb support; I've tried several different styles, and like this one the best. (I have a wide size 8-8.5 foot; I usually wear a medium width shoe; these are snug, but you need that in a pool.)
I bought this shoe at the recommendation of my water aerobics instructor, and I'm glad I did!  They are comfortable and offer great traction in the water.  It's a little difficult getting them on the first few times due to the configuration of the laces.  You can't really get them open on top as much as needed, but they loosen up after a while.  I got a half size larger than I normally wear, and the fit is fine. 
Love the shoe. Perfect for my pool aerobic classes. They fit me perfectly which doesn't happen very often. However, I have a narrow foot. But the size was identical to my regular aerobic shoes. No problem putting them on and taking them off.
Love them. Fit was true to size, lacing system prevents shoe from slipping on foot in water. Great traction with pool. I use these to jog in water and they work great. Can really judge arch support, seemed limited; however, I normally have orthotics so am used to a lot of arch.
This is an outstanding aqua shoe! Extremely comfortable with soft, non-irritating surfaces inside and great water flow. Excellent for aquatic exercise classes! I ordered a size larger based on other reviews and they fit perfectly. I have a narrow foot, so they slip on without much effort; however, I would not recommend these to anyone with wide or chubby feet as you may have trouble getting your foot inside the shoe. I have plantar fasciitis as well as other foot problems, especially after 4 surgeries, but these shoes provide great support and comfort! A+
This shoe came highly recommended from the ladies at my water aerobics class. I did order a half size larger than my regular shoe size and they fit great! I need the support with all the jumping in a high intensity water class and they are proving to be the ticket. I love them.
Cute shoe. Usually wear a size 7 and sized up to 7.5 after reading reviews below. However, the shoe was too large and I still couldn't get my foot in easily past the opening! I agree that it was a fight to get my foot in and out. Way too much effort for a sneaker. Back they go!
I have found the Ryka Aqua just perfect for the water exercise classes I take. I had knee replacement four months ago and the use of these shoes has really help me "stay put" on the bottom of the pool. They are easy to put on & off. Buying 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size worked out great.
