Sperry Top-Sider Angelfish
These are the most comfortable shoes; size 10 was a little big but, after putting heel cushions in, they fit perfectly.
Everything went perfectly,and they are correct in saying "order a half size smaller." They are great!
Love these! Great style and color and very feminine for a boat shoe. The insole is super comfortable too.  I'm really glad I didn't size down like some of the other reviews suggested.  I wear a 9.5 in all my shoes, so I went with 9.5 in these as well. A 9 would have definitely been too small. I think it is partially because these are cut a bit narrow. I have fairly narrow feet though, so it works for me. I have found, like other reviewers said, that the heel will rub a blister before broken in if worn without socks, but even a thin no-show dress sock does the trick. Overall I am very, very happy with this shoe. It will be a classy, comfortable option for casual outfits. Shipping was super fast too!
I have been wanting these shoes for so long! But getting them was quite a process... I am a size 9.5/10 and I ordered a 10. They were way too big. So, I order a 9.5 also turn out being way too big. I order a size 9 and they are now too small. So unfortunately I will have to return because I cannot seem to get the sizing to work out. I am so sad as I loved these shoes but they are just not comfortable to wear. My foot either slides out or my toes are squished. Sad face.
I bought these shoes a half size smaller than my regular size because of the reviews. They fit good, probably could have gone a full size down. I wish I bought these shoes a long time ago, I am so in love with them! They are perfect with jeans or shorts and feel amazing. The inside of the shoe is so plush feels like I'm waking on clouds! And I love the leopard print and sequins! I will be buying more in other colors.
These shoes are perfect. Came in the mail quickly and the box was very durable that they came in. I love these particular ones because they are more feminine (I am a 25 year old female). They fit true to size and don't give you blisters. They do make your feet sweat quite a bit so I suggest not wearing them unless it's much cooler outside! Overall, great shoe!
These shoes are fantastic! I have received so many compliments. Do not be afraid of the gold-tinted glitter. They are neutral to go with everything. I did not heed the advice of other reviewers and I ordered my normal size (8). I exchanged the 8 for 7.5. The smaller size fits perfectly. The Sperry website recommends ordering a size down and heed this advice!
So cute! But aside from aesthetics, this shoe runs large. I am usually a 9, sometimes an 8.5, but after reading the reviews I decided to go for the 8.5. Nope. Now I am returning them for a size 8. I can't even remember the last time I wore an 8! Also, from wearing them around the house, they will need some breaking in. The back of the shoe is pretty stiff and I will be wearing thick socks the first couple of times to avoid a blister. But they are very cushy and comfortable. I'm looking forward to making these my everyday shoes!
