K-Swiss Tubes™ Run 100
I wear a size 14 in Saucony, but had to get a size 15 in these K-Swiss to get the right fit. I have found these to be very comfortable.
I know there are a ton of reviews for these shoes, but I will add my two cents. I have never bought a pair of shoes online before. I was looking for a pair of shoes to wear to work, as I walk/stand a lot. I have seen many good reviews on these shoes, so I tried going to a store to try them on. 10 stores and 3 cities later, I could not find a pair to try them on. So I bit the bullet, and ordered a size 12. It took a little longer to get than I would have liked, but it was well worth the wait. The size was perfect. They looked as good as the picture shows. They are very lightweight and flexible. I have not worn them to work yet, but I am looking forward to it!
Cool shoes, great fit.  They were true to size. Free next day air, can't beat that!
Typically buy New Balance because of wide sizes, but these K-Swiss Tubes are very comfortable and look great. I'm a walker and cross trainer, and these are perfect.
I had been looking for shoes for about 6 months and finally stumbled upon these amazing shoes. I use a leg brace to walk around and it's very hard to find shoes that fit over the brace and that look good. These shoes are the perfect fit because of the mesh material and the eee size. I also fit down in them like a glove and don't walk on the backs like I did with almost every pair of shoes I purchased for the last 10 years of my life. Definitely recommend this shoe!
The shoe is great it fits well it is very comfortable and light. Has good support and feels good when I run. It is a nice looking show. Very Pleased. Came quick and the correct shoe and size.
I love these shoes. Very lightweight and comfortable. They do run on the larger side. I usually wear either a 9 or 9 1/2 and I needed these in the size 9.
I purchased these shoes over a year ago and still wear them almost every day. I am a registered nurse and they are so supportive for me to be on my feet for 12+ hours a day. I also work out in these shoes. I normally wear a size 11 in most shoes, but was able to wear a size 10 in these. They have worn very well - no holes yet and support is still good. For the price, I highly recommend these shoes and when they wear out, I definitely plan on purchasing another pair!
I loved the look of these shoes, so it was a bit of a disappointment that they don't come in a wider size. Even in a wider size, there just was almost no arch support at all. I have flat feet and really need something with a decent arch in it. I don't think that again, even in a wider size that there would be room for an insert. 
Love my new K-Swiss Tubes! Fit true to size and light wt. The gray, black and pink make a nice color combo. Felt comfortable out of the box and so cushy, just what I was looking for. I hit the gym daily and my feet sometimes feel it, the Tubes add the extra comfort I needed.
Seriously, the most comfortable tennis shoes I've ever owned! Order your normal size - I am usually between an 8 and 8 1/2, but an 8 was perfect, with even a little extra room! I got the light pink/gray ones, and they are cute!
