J-41 Beachcomber
These shoes are very cute, but they do seem to run a little large. I got my usual size and they were comfortable, but I was concerned that if I took a long walk they may start to slip. I kept them and took them on vacation and they worked out great! I did get a little sore across the top on the right shoe where I have a bone that sort of sticks up. I would probably put a band aid on the next time I plan to wear all day. Over all great and cute shoe!
Was looking for a feminine yet sporty mary-jane that I could walk in. This seemed to fit the bill. Wore them around the house for a couple of days to break-in, but they did not seem to get any more comfortable. Made my legs tired and sore. Ventured outside on a walk and my heel kept coming out of them. For my foot, (size 7) the arch was located closer to the heel than where my arch actually is. I still think the shoe is cute, but will not be able to wear them any more. Bummer, especially considering the price.
I wear a size 8.5 or 9 shoe. I got these in 9 and they fit perfect. Since I have larger feet, I like a shoe that doesn't look so bulky on me, and these look great...nice and slim. They are very comfortable and lightweight. I got these to wear on vacation and I think these will be perfect for a lot of walking and light hiking!
I love these shoes, though I did have to exchange them for a half-size smaller when I ordered my usual size. But the half-size down fit perfectly. I wear these with my arch inserts, and since they have an adjustable band, they always fit right. They're very flexible yet supportive, and pair nicely with short, skirts and dresses. A new favorite!
I bought these shoes for a trip to Central America. I wanted something light and comfortable that could withstand getting wet and dry out easily. These seem to fit the bill. They are reasonably comfortable but I think I still need to break them in more. The back part of the shoe has a fold that kind of rubs against your heel/achilles tendon area which is a problem I often have with flats and other shoes like that. I tried to fold it back and I wore it around a bit more and it's not as bad now. The arch support is okay -- not great but not bad. I normally wear either a size 8 or 8.5. The size 8 just barely fit me but I was worried about comfort after walking a lot, so I returned it for the 8.5 (which turned out to be just slightly too big). The removable liner is nice. Since I plan on them getting wet, I've been breaking them in without socks. My feet get a little sweaty and kinda stink at the end of the day, but at least I can wash out the removable liner. The top strap can be a little uncomfortable at first as well.
I have another pair of J-41 shoes in Brown and was lucky to find these on Sale today at my favorite store. I bought a size 8½ instead of an 8 which I usually wear and they fit great. Maybe my toenails needed clipping, which accounts for the extra half size but the strap holds my foot preventing slipping. I have skinny ankles and these are fine for walking. There is a comfortable foam-like innersole that is awesome. They are cute and stylish. I will buy another pair in the future. Keep making these!
Bought these as a gift for my mom and they were a huge hit!  She gets compliments on them all the time.  She has a wider foot and the strap allows for her to wear it comfortably.  It runs a little small, so order up 1/2 a size.
I would give this shoe 10 stars if I could. Love it. I used to wear running shoes with my sport skirts, not anymore. This shoe is stylish and comfortable without being clunky. The strap is thin and adjustable and the toe box is wide enough to not pinch my toes. I wear a size 8 and this fit perfect. I do have a slightly wide foot.
