Keen Ambler
Another great shoe from Keen! I wear these just for errands that involve a lot of walking or standing when I don't want to have to wear athletic shoes and they are great for this purpose but I do not hike so I cannot state what kind of hiker they make. They are not as bulky or heavy as other Keens. They provide moderate arch support, enough to keep my high arches satisfied. Very comfortable, straight out of the box, with no break-in period needed. As often needed with Keens, I ordered a half-size up and that size fit perfectly. Plenty of room in the toe box while still managing to hug my narrow heel. The right heel slips ever-so-slightly but I don't even notice within a minute of putting them on. I initially ordered the Chocolate Chip/Jade Green but found the color a muddy brown and the green stitching didn't pop like it does in the picture. I exchanged them for the Olive/Yellow and they are gorgeous! I highly recommend these.
An avid hiker...and I have 3 other pairs of Keen sandals. I was excited to try a hiking shoe. I love them! Felt good on my feet right off and wore them straight out of the box. The only thing for me was that I've had to add a little extra support in the arch. It just wasn't quite enough for me. I bought my usual size too.
Pretty good shoe. It doesn't require extensive breaking in. I wear thick wool socks and hike 5-10 miles in them. The photo does not reflect the height of the shoe at the side ankle. The side ankle in a women's size 8 is too low and so dirt and gravel get inside the shoe minimally and with some reliability. Husband with huge feet has a shoe with a higher side ankle and this does not happen for him.
Just got these yesterday, went for 2 hikes, and they're already my favorite hiking shoe. Very durable looking & supportive, but flexible, no break-in time needed. Not clunky, a nice looking hiker. Did not rub on my ankles. Used orthotics on the second hike and, although the Ambler has great support, I do need extra arch support for my high arches. Plenty of toe room. I usually wear size 7-1/2 to an 8, got the size 8 and am glad I did. Mine are the chocolate chip/jade green ones and I love the color! The suede is a very nice, subdued jade green (looks brown in the photo). I've had several Keens in the past, this one is definitely my favorite!
These are great shoes. I got them before a trip to Hawaii for traveling, hiking, and touring. They felt a little large/wide in the toe box, but I decided to keep them and I am glad I did. They didn't need any time to break in and are super comfy. They also look really nice with jeans or capris. They are sporty and not clunky like other hiking shoes. My feet are average and these were true to size. They would probably work for someone with wide feet too - but I would not recommend to a person with narrow feet.
Very spacious and comfortable right out of the box except for slight rubbing along outside of right ankle. Made my size 11 feet look even longer, so I returned them.
I bought these shoes a few months ago and I couldn't be happier. I have a large foot (size 13) and these have great support and extra room in the toe area. Been wearing them to walk to and from work in NYC just to break them in. Only wish I had another pair. On a side note, this was my first pair of Keens so I was a little nervous. I have a lot of Merrells, which I'm happy with, but I liked this style and the reviews so I figured I'd give them a try. Very happy.
These are great shoes for men needing a roomy toe box. My husband has a real hard time finding shoes that fit right. This is it. I did order a half size bigger than usual because I know Keens usually run a tad small. These shoes were comfortable right out of the box.
