Teva Kids Charge WP (Toddler/Youth)
These shoes really do run too small. We bought three pair for our three kids and rounded up a half-size because of the other reviews and still they were too tight and kids complained. Great shoe and practical with rain proof feature, but not comfortable.
My kids love this model of Tevas - the bungee closure is just what busy kids need. They are also cool - not silly looking 'baby' shoes. Definitely order up at least a full size.
Way too small. I had to order up two sizes!

These shoes deliver on quality and comfort and they are waterproof. My kid loves them. But be sure that you order a whole size up as I found they ran small. 
LOVE this shoe! And my son does, too. This is a very well made shoe. I have went through many pairs of shoes with my 7 year old son, but I really think this one is going to last. Seems to run a tad small so I wish I had bought a bigger size so it would last him longer. My son says they are very comfortable and he loves having the look of the shoestring, but not having to tie them.  
My daughter loves these for school and everything else.  She especially likes that they are easy to put on and I like that they are waterproof.  She is normally a size 11 but we ordered a 2 sizes up based on the other reviews and I am glad we did.  I will probably get another pair for next year since she loves them so much.
I purchased two different models of Teva's for my 3 and 4 year old girls, including this one. I read the reviews about the size issue, and ordered a full size and a half up for both. Both models were still too small and snug! Cute shoes, but maybe not worth the guessing game of trying to figure out what size to order.
My fifth grade daughter has some fine motor issues that make tying shoes frustrating for her. I searched for a pair of shoes with bungee laces that she could wear to gym (that were easy to get on and stayed on). She also didn't want her shoes to standout as slip-on. These were perfect! She has worn these daily since October and the shoes still look/feel great! She says she wants another pair this fall. I did order the next size up and was glad I did. She has problems with the heel of shoes slipping because of her narrow foot. These shoes fit her heel fine. Great shoes!
Cute shoes but they run very small -- at least two sizes. Our granddaughter could not even get her foot in it to try on.
