Capezio Fierce Dansneaker®
 I use this shoe exclusively for Zumba and the fierce Dansneaker has more support than my previous Capezio dance shoe. No breaking in period at all, comfortable from the start. I did have to order up a full size.
This shoe is so uncomfortable. It is so tight on your toes, and this is after ordering a size bigger than I normally wear. I put them on for 10 minutes and knew immediately that this was not for me. I have normal sized medium width foot with no abnormalities and these shoes were almost painful.
Because of the previous reviews, I chose the right size. I usually wear an 8 medium and ordered a size 9, instead, which fit a little snug at first. Once I broke them in, they fit great. It has just enough grip when executing a dance. Will get another pair for backup!
Capezios needs to make a wide version. There are big footed dancers. I wear 9½EEE in street tennis shoes. I had to go to a 12½ just to equal my standard size. This is not uncommon for dance shoes by design since I have been dancing they run narrow and close to the feet.
I ordered Dansneakers to replace my worn to the bone 7 year olds. They arrived in 2 days. A little too small. Called support and they said send them back. I sent them back the same day and my 1/2 size bigger shoes arrived the next day. Charge to me, zero dollars. Couldn't be happier. I just had knee replacement and the extra cushioning is a godsend to me.
I ordered a whole size up based on the reviews that I read.  They still seemed a bit small to me.  They were also too tight around the ball of my foot.  I have a small bunion, that might be why, or it might also be because the shoes are tapered in the toe.  I tend to like shoes with a round toe, not a pointed toe.  I'm returning them.
Runs way too small! My dress shoes are 8.5, my New Balance sneakers are 9. I read the reviews and ordered a 10. Toes hit the end of the shoe and it squeezes all over. I might try a 10.5. Hard to tell whether it would be a good Zumba shoe or not b/c of the size -- hence the 2 stars.
Shoe is well made, but sizing is way off. I ordered 1/2 size larger than my normal size and it was still too short.
Shoes are way too small. I'm usually a 7 and even a size larger did not fit. Too narrow.The shoelaces are difficult to use.
These shoes do look chunky and ugly when I put them on. I was about to return them for "prettier" skinner looking shoes until I saw that are the only Capezio ones labeled as having "superior" arch support -- which I need for Zumba class. Plus I like that these have the support on the back of the foot -- unlike the canvas dance sneaker. So I guess I will keep them and suffer from looking fashionable but hopefully save my arches from aching. I did order once size up and they fit great considering I have wide feet.
Super comfortable! I do Zumba at home, and my cross-trainers snagged the carpet and their traction made it hard to move. The Capezios are so easy to move in, and they slide across the carpet. The reviews I read said they run small, so I ordered a size larger as I do for my running shoes. However, that was too small, so I ended up ordering a full size more.
I have owned these shoes for 2 years now and wear them 2 or 3 times a week for Zumba. They have held up well and still look great. They are perfect for Zumba and great for moves involving being up on your toes! The sizing is really different though. I normally wear a size 8 1/2 and had to get a 10 in these. They aren't the cutest shoe but I love them!
These have been great for several types of dancing. Good support, good flexibility. I usually wear a 9, perfect fit with size 10.

Great shoe! I watched about the sizing and ordered a size larger as recommended. Had to reorder. I have a narrower foot and would suggest 1/2 size larger than usual size for narrower feet.
I ordered a full size larger than my usual shoe size, and I am glad that I did. I could have even gone with a size and a half bigger. They are not made for wider feet, pretty narrow, but I like the support around the opening of the shoe. They are flexible, and not very cute for a shoe, but as long as I can dance in them, they serves their purpose.
I'm a DanceFit instructor. I tried these shoes in two classes and the soles are far too slippery for my taste. I can't hold a wide stance position without my feet losing grip. I do not like these shoes at all. I agree with comments on the fit -- they run small so a size larger than your usual street size. I'm still searching for a comfortable, supportive dance shoe. I currently wear Ryka.

Great for dancing! I went up one size and they were still too small. I had to size up another full size (I regularly wear a 7.5 shoe. Ended up with a 9.5 shoe). 

Good shoes required by dance instructor. The sizing is strange. Had to buy a size 4 when street shoe is only 1.5.
These are very comfortable. They are great for Zumba classes. They are maneuverable. The soles are very flexible. I had to reorder in a size and half larger as they run small.
These are a rare and fantastic find if you have a narrow foot, as I do. There was absolutely no break in period. Wore them brand new to a three day Zumba weekend and they were as comfortable as slippers. Great support and just enough stick to the floor. You must size up a whole size, just as everyone has said. For me, these shoes fit my Zumba dance needs perfectly.
These are the perfect Zumba shoes! What a difference the right shoes make. I need a wide width so I had to order up a size. The Capezios are much more generous in width than the Blochs, which I really liked but had to return.
