New Balance WX797
These were fine. But I didn't love them. I really loved the cushioning of the WX813. These weren't quite the same. However, they're nice shoes. Light, comfortable and roomy. I'm normally a 7 but got the 7.5 so I'd have a little extra room in the toe. Found out my size came in in the WX813 so back these went.
These are so light and heavenly! I have so much trouble finding shoes that work for my crappy feet- they cramp up at the drop of a hat when I am doing impact aerobics. My feet did not cramp up once with these and I did a combination of floor and step aerobics! I absolutely LOVED them!! They are not super cushiony but they worked beautifully! They are also true to size.
I love these shoes! So comfortable I wore them straight out of the box for a day of shopping with friends. I ordered a half size smaller than I normally wear and they are perfect. I have a very wide foot and am so happy to finally find a shoe that fits that isn't either black or white.
I ordered a size 8 wide because I have always had wide feet. The size 8 wide shoe was almost a  half size larger than expected. The shoe is very comfortable but Im sure after some wear it would become too loose to use for training. I ordered a 7.5 wide and it fits great.  
Order half size smaller than your regular size. I had my foot measured at a sneaker store and they told me its 8 1/2. Had to exchange this sneaker for an 8, and I am even thinking about if I should try a 7 1/2.
I have wide feet (ordering wide is usually not necessary, though) with low arches. I have always worn Asics in the past, but are trying NB for the first time in many years. This shoe runs larger than Asics, probably a half size. This shoe is light weight and is like walking on air. It's very flexible, very cool. The red looks more like pink in some lights. There's not a ton of padding in the shoe, but that's fine by me. It makes them hot as far as I am concerned. I am thrilled to have found a great shoe at this price point. If you like Asics, you may like these as well.
