Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Cut Away Sandal
I love my Chucks, and these sandals fit right in! I get compliments on them every time I wear them! I wear them for casual purposes only, they are definitely not for rigorous activity. The soles are pretty thick, but like most sandals are flat, so I don't consider these the best choice if you'll be on your feet for long periods of time. Based on other reviews that these tend to run larger, I'd recommend ordering at least 2 different sizes to see which fits best.  I ordered my normal size as well as half a size smaller, and actually think a whole size smaller would have been best, but I had already worn the half-size smaller pair outside. They aren't a horrible fit, but canvas stretches, so now they're a little loose, but I can still wear them just fine! Highly recommended!
I knew these would not be true to size (5) when I bought them -- no one makes shoes that fit my tiny feet -- but I bought them. Yes, there is "room to grow" but I love the look.
Love these sandals, ordered (2) pairs. I really like the cool retro look. I took the advice of many reviewers and ordered a 1/2 size smaller fit perfectly.
Like most folks said in other reviews, they run very large so I bought a full size smaller.  The length fit but they wouldn't stay on my feet more than 8-10 steps so I had no choice but to return them.  I don't know how to fix that issue.
I was a little unsure about what size to order..reviews said they run big, I guess converse does but also these are mens/unisex sized to make things more confusing. I am a size 8.5/9 and ordered a m6/w8 and these fit perfect. Any bigger my foot might flop around. Although the front opening for the toes seems a little stiff I read these stretch/loosed after wearing so I am hoping they do since they are really cute. I bought the blue and they are exactly what I wanted. I have no other converse to compare, but these are comfy and adorable on. Will be wearing with my London Olympic top... Hmm will look quite patriotic! :o)
Very cute, comfortable shoes. I bought 1/2 size smaller than I normally wear in Converse brand shoes based on other reviews and they fit perfect.
I bought these slides in the elephant beige and an arctic blue which has no doubt sold out. I wore the blue ones yesterday and 6 people loved, loved them. I always get compliments about them. Absolutely order a whole size down. They are adorable. Snatch them while you can.
So many compliments on these sandals! They're soft inside and have a tiny bit of elastic at the tongue so the fit is great (the elastic is invisible unless you look up inside). I love that they offer all colors in all sizes. I wear a women's 13w or 14 and the size 12 fits perfectly. Insole is very true to Chucks, i.e. flat as a pancake, but good cushioning. "Elephant skin" may seem like a drab color but is a nice neutral in person, great with khakis, and the bright blue is gorgeous.
I like the shoes and I'm planning on purchasing more of these. My daughter likes these as well, but they don't have her size.
Fit true to size! Color is so vibrant! So cute for summer! Bought them for a daughter's friend for her birthday and she lives in them now!
These are cute and comfy.  I get a ton of compliments on them when I wear them out.  Sometimes they're nice just for around the house.  Be warned, I have a wide foot, and these can't be tightened, so if your foot is narrow, they might not work.  My only complaint is the spot on the tongue where they put the size and other info.  A tag would have been super irritating, so they went tagless. That's great, but whatever they used sort of sticks to the top of my foot.  It's a minor complaint.  The price is nice, and they're cute.  I can deal with it.
Totally cute, I ordered 1 size smaller than I usually wear and they fit perfectly. I marked true to size because I ordered an 8.5 and they fit right. I normally wear a 9.5 in anything else.
Oh, I bought this item for a present, and she has similar canvas sneaker in same color as well. First she laughed a lot with fun and she enjoys using this item. She wears 6.5 shoes usually but the size of 6 fitted her.
A great idea and look but poor fit. Have to go down at least a full size but still had problems keeping them from sliding off.
