Nike Nike5 Gato Leather
These fit very narrow. Size is a shade above half-size small. I tried 13 when I typically wear 12 - 12.5 would have been too small. Style is nice and construction seems to indicate they would have been durable enough.
When I was first looking for new indoors I came across these because the price was so great! I read through the reviews and decided to order a half size up and I'm very glad that I did. The shoes are pretty narrow but it says that in the description I think. If I ordered my normal size (9.5) I'm positive they would've been too tight. I literally ordered these shoes yesterday and now I am already wearing them next day--very impressed with shipping.

Comfort: A little past the midpoint (closer to Asics) between Jack Purcell canvas shoes and Asics 2160 running shoes. Style: Low profile and muted with only the Nike swoosh being discernible. Sizing: I found this to be the biggest issue regarding these shoes. While most reviewers advised to go half a size bigger, I found the length still coming up short. I compared the 12.5 insole to my Asics 12 insole and the Nike came up a quarter of an inch short. While soccer shoes should feel snug, one must differentiate between snug and simply being too small. When I measured a 13 Gato insole to my 12 Asics, the Gato was a quarter of an inch longer, yet still felt properly snug when worn with the traditional (i.e. Hanes) cotton athletic socks.
I am a true woman's size 10 with a medium width. I ordered a 8.5 men/10 women and the shoe is significantly too small. I had to return them.
These are very light and comfortable. The arch have a little less support but I have not found that to be a problem on the squash court. They run very small I bought a full size larger after I received my first pair of 8 1/2s.
Nice looking shoes, but run half size small. I did not believe the reviews and ordered true size and it was way too tight. I know soccer shoes have a snug fit but this was small in length.
I really like a simple white shoe, but not ultra-plain like Chuck Taylors or Stan Smiths. The Gato fits the bill in the style department. 
The gum rubber adds some interest and doesn't look dirty very fast, though the suede does need periodic care. The shoe leather is stiff but does soften up after a day or two.
The Gato runs extremely small and extremely narrow - I ordered 1 1/2 sizes up, and even then it's still scrunching my toes. I don't know how they can claim the 12 is a 12 - I couldn't even get my foot in it. I ended up exchanging them for 14. and it's borderline too small.
This would've been my first pair of Nikes, but again they've confirmed that all their shoes are too narrow and sized incorrectly, as I had suspected for many years.

