adidas Originals Samba® Suede
Classic design. Super durable. I usually wear an 11, but when I get Gazelles, I get them 1/2 size larger, so I went with the 11.5 on these. Fits great. I still like Gazelles more, but the Samba tongue doesn't squeak for months. If you are looking for an athletic shoe with major art support - look somewhere else. If you want a comfortable, long lasting, classic, timeless pair of kicks, snatch up a pair of these Sambas.
For my tastes, I found the shoe a little too low in profile, with a very flat heel. It feels like the proper size, but is narrow in the toe, and I have narrow feet. I find most Adidas athletic shoes to be instantly broken in and comfortable. This shoe just isn't as comfortable as other Adidas I own (mostly basketball style shoes).
My dog has, over time, eaten all of my sneakers so it is time for a new pair. I am a girl and ordered a pair of Samba Millenniums and a pair of Samba Original Suedes. I am a women's size 9 and went back and forth about what size I should order but I ended up getting a 7½ in both. The Millenniums actually physically look a little longer but they seem to fit more narrow in the toe and feel a bit snug. I will have to break them in. The Originals seem wider in the toe and already fit great. Both are fine in length it is just the Millennium narrow toe that I am hoping will go away after a few wears because they feel like better shoes. Millennium has more arch support but both are OK. The Originals do squeak on hard wood - this might stop after they get a little dirty? All in all I am a very happy buyer! I am Just reporting as I read helpful reviews which I used to make my decisions before buying. Now if I can just remember to keep the new kicks up and away from the pup when not on my feet! Otherwise, I will be back for more very soon.
Never bought shoes over internet before but selection was great and shoes arrived quickly. I wish I got half size bigger for walking but played on turf and felt OK. They shall brake-in now nicely.
I absolutely love the style of this shoe and have been wearing similar styles for years! I normally wear a size 10 in womens and this shoe feels half a size larger. I'll just wear thicker socks rather than return them. As for the width, it's perfect for me, but I can see where a man might consider it too narrow. The arch support isn't non-existent, but it is minimal like other shoes of this style.
My order arrived in just a few days. The fit was perfect for my son. The size charts helped me easily pick the right size.
This is a great shoe and very comfortable. I had to order a size up as they run a little small. Other than that, they're perfect.

