Converse Kids Chuck Taylor® All Star® Core Ox (Infant/Toddler)
This is a my son's first pair of Converse. Size 2 felt true to size, of course there was no arch support but they are Converse. He is not walking yet so it is not a big issue. They are very cute and he is very comfortable with them, he actually leaves them on. They are great shoes, we will be buying the same shoes in many colors. I definitely recommend these!
I am so happy with my purchase of the All Star Core Ox Low tops. The fit is pretty much true to size. They are easier to get on a busy 2 year old than the hi-tops and seem to match everything. I get lots of compliments and know that she's always in style with Converse. Love them!
Runs a little big maybe 1/2 size. Great classic, my 7 year old daughter loves this pair if Converse!
A classic. My son has a decently wide foot, but these always fit great. Order a size smaller than your normal size though, as they run one size large.
These shoes fit well since I took the advice and chose a size 4 instead of 5. They have also helped him walk without being on his tippy toes. It's great that they are one solid color. Very cute!
These are so cute on my three year old's feet! I went a size smaller since they run big and they fit perfectly.
My 2 year old son loves these and he looks adorable wearing them. He is wearing a 9 wide or 9.5 medium width. We bought the size 9 and they fit well. 
My son prefers to be barefoot and is very picky about shoes. They have to have a very soft, flexible sole and be very comfortable over the top of his foot. These sneakers fit the bill perfectly! He is very happy to wear them. I like that they are stylish (he gets compliments on them) and that they have traditional laces; I like them better than Velcro closures. The only thing to watch out for is the sizing; for whatever reason, they seem to run a full size larger (so if your kid usually wears a 10, you need to order a 9, etc.). Other than that, this is a great sneaker at an excellent price.
These shoes are just adorable! I got a pair in red, size 2, for my 8-month-old son after reading that they run about one size large. As it stands right now, I would only give them 3 stars...but, I am giving them a 5 because I think he might simply be a bit young for them. His chubby feet are difficult to get in, and the laces are a tiny bit short to make a good, secure bow. He had them off in ten seconds. I think when his feet are a bit longer and he starts to walk, these will be ideal. I will definitely be buying more as he grows...they are so classic and seem very well made.
I love baby Chuck Taylors! We've had them in red, white and now green and it doesn't matter what color Chuck's my daughter wears, they look adorable with any outfit. The laces take a little longer to put the shoes on a squiggly 16 month old, but they stay on longer than her velcro close gym shoes. They do run large a full size.
These are my little girl's favorite shoes...comfortable, easy and they match almost everything. We order them every time her shoe size changes.
These are fantastic and adorable sneakers for an early walker. They are soft enough for their little feet to bend and move, but sturdy enough for an older child to wear. Order one size down, so if your toddler is a 5, order a 4.

These are the cutest shoes ever! Fit runs large. My son normally wears a 10 and I had to order these a full size smaller.
These shoes are very cute. They don't sell half sizes, so we had to get a bigger size. It worked out because we were buying them for a toddler with very wide feet.
This is my little girl's 5th pair of chuck's! We love them and she looks so cute wearing them! They do run almost a whole size bigger, FYI!
