Patagonia Drifter A/C GTX®
Great hiking shoes! Even though they are low cut they had a lot of stability and it felt like they had ankle support. I have difficult to fit feet - bunions - and tried on about 20 pairs of shoes before I found these. They were comfortable straight out of the box and worked with my orthotics. Love these shoes! I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly (I normally wear a 7.5 and ordered these in an 8).
Started out with my regular shoe size and had to return it for the next half size up.  The second pair of shoes did not seem any longer than the first. Could not get a comfortable fit.  I have a pair of custom full length orthotics, thank goodness, because if I had purchased these shoes, there is no arch, metatarsal support or a cushioned insole.  Disappointing at this price. 
Well made, nice looking shoe. But I have wide feet (usually 8-1/2 C/D), and they only come in medium. I got a 9 Medium, and it was just a bit too tight widthwise with my normal midweight hiking sock. Am returning and going to try a 9-1/2. Hope it's not too long. Wish these were made in wide sizes. Otherwise, a very nice shoe.
A truly great shoe! Very comfortable with good grip traveling over/up/down rocks and boulders. Great to walk through standing mud or water, and with a waterproof pant I was able to submerge my entire leg without getting wet. Wide enough for your toes to wiggle. I ordered a half a size up from ordinary tennis shoe and there was enough room for a silk liner and hiking sock. I did start to get hot spots on the pads of my feet but this was after 8 hours of continuous climbing/walking where I should have changed socks throughout the day. Feels like a sturdy construction around the ankle portion making those slips on loose rocks safer for ankles. Only con would be, like another post, metal hooks to hold laces in place would be a nice future feature. Well worth the price and no doubt, long-lasting!
My last statement said these shoes run large. In fact they run a whole size small! I'm a solid 10 and had to go up to a size 11. They are very comfortable with Superfeet insoles! Great hiking shoe!
I got these for hiking and morning walks in a wet grassy field/trails. All of my other shoes left me with wet feet. I got the bigger size so I could wear thick hiking socks. They were comfortable right out of the box. Great support. A bit stiff, but that is normal with a trail shoe for stability. Haven't tested them in a stream or deep puddle yet. If they are true to Patagonia quality, they will hold up well. This is my first pair of their shoes.
Liked the Non-Goretex version of these shoes so much, I ordered these.  However, sizing definitely runs smaller.  Needed to return for next half-size up.
