Merrell Barefoot Dash Glove
Just wanted to try a barefoot model and I am impressed! Helped my knee tendonitis improve. I wear these with or without socks and they feel and fit great either way. I ordered my true size and they fit perfectly. And did I mention how absolutely cute and kicky they are (in the lime and turquoise)?
Very comfortable with socks or barefoot. It's a sleek looking shoe that looks long and lean on yet accommodates my wide feet. Loved the unique look of the Vivobarefoots but they looked like boats on my feet. These Merrell's were keepers. I'm a solid size 8 and these 8's fit great with or without socks. Nice and light and breathe as well.
Really like these so far. Definitely into the barefoot/minimalist trend right now as it seems to alleviate all the foot and knee problems I have with conventional footwear...high hopes for these shoes. Time will tell. Got these in a 7.5 great fit; true to size - I wear a 7 in sandals, a 7.5 in most shoes, and usually go to an 8 in conventional running shoes. Originally tried so hard to get the Barefoot Pace Glove to work for me and while the 7.5 felt great it was a tad short in length and the 8 was way too loose. If that is the issue for you, too, try this shoe! It fits snug without being too short. Ordered Lychee color - looks great. Life's too short to wear boring shoes! Taking it hiking this weekend - if it works out I'll order another color too! Hope this helps someone!
This shoe is great for anyone wanting to start running or someone wanting to try barefoot running. It has a flat heel but enough arch support and grip to be comfortable on pavement. I have never been a runner, and always hated running, but with these shoes I have began to become one. I wear a size 10, and the Merrell 10 fits great, although I do wear them with thin socks. I highly recommend these, as well as other Merrell shoes (I have a pair of their hiking boots as well).
Excellent shoes, fits to size. If you aren't used to barefoot style shoes then be sure to transition slowly. I love the orange/lycee color of these as well. Fantastic!
I love these shoes! So comfy and really cute. I bought them while I had a knee injury to try to help me mid strike better so I haven't run in them yet, but they are great for just walking around! The sole is thick enough so you don't feel debris on the ground- but still light enough to encourage you to mid-sole strike. I take a size 8.5 typically and ordered a size 9 for when I am able to run in them- they fit great with just enough room in the toe for running. I highly recommend for anyone looking for a barefoot shoe. I get compliments on them every time I wear them!
