Nike Dart 9
You will find that the new Nikes require a larger size.  Different colors seem to vary in size.
These sneakers are true to size, very sturdy.  The offer great lateral support so they are good for cross training and they have good arch support as well.  The grey and purple color is beautiful.
After trying on literally dozens of shoes I finally found a great pair! I ordered a wide size and it fits great, has really nice arch support and are very cute on top of that.
I love my Nike Dart 9 shoes. I have a very small foot and the size 5 fits perfect! I don't think I've ever had a pair that fit this well. Most of the time a 5 is too big, sometimes I had to go to the children's section to get a proper fit. Thank you Nike!
I got these for my daughter. She loves them. They are true to size and look just like the picture. She has gotten many compliments on them. I would definitely recommend them.
I ordered the Metallic Dark Grey/White/Metallic Platinum, Size 10, Medium Width and I'd say they are mostly true to size. The toe area is roomy, but the rest of the shoe is fine width-wise. There is moderate arch support which makes them perfect for walking long distances, but I'm not sure I would use these for any real training. They're definitely great for the price. Also they're cute and simple enough to wear anywhere.
Love the look but totally disappointed. I've had many Nike running shoes but these were the first that were not even close to being true to size. Maybe I got a lemon, but I buy them big and these were really small and narrow. Sending them back.

Ordered 2 pair/same size (11.5m). When the box came, I thought they forgot to put 2 pair in because it was so light. Tried on 1st pair, walked the dogs, all was fabulous. 2nd pair felt 1/2 size smaller; couldn't keep them. For the price, I was glad I got 1 pair anyway.
I work in a factory and on the concrete floors these shoes help so much! They are true to size, and so comfortable. I absolutely love them!
These are the most comfortable shoes I've had in years. They're firm yet pliable. I like them very much and would order another pair. They are very true to size.
I dig these shoes. Not excellent but very good. Just enough support during runs, comfortable, and they look slick and fast - mine is the black with neon green. The only con is it felt a half size too small. Nevertheless, it's an awesome value!
A decent shoe for the money. The fit is not quite true. A little on the short/small side. Probably get a 1/2 size larger for a comfortable fit. Doesn't seem to have all the nice Nike technology and feel that their more expensive shoes have, but still a good buy for the price. 
Never thought I would find a pair of wide Nike's. My problem with Nike's is they run quite narrow so I would have to go a size higher. I'm glad I took a chance with these. Very comfortable and a nice simple look. Fits perfectly.
This shoe runs about 1/2 size small.  Unfortunately for me, there is no 12 1/2, so I got a 12 (like I have been buying Nike size 12 for 20 years).

The shoe looks nice, and is very light.  But fits too small, and ultimately caused one of my toenails to fall off.

If you can get 1/2 size larger, then you may like these.  I could not, so I do not like them, but my son wears them, and loves them.
 Nice shoe. The size I wanted was a "W" or "Wide" but got the Extra Wide because they didn't list a "Wide" as an option. The shoe fits ok but does seem a little too wide for my foot. I am able to use it and am confortable in the shoe but next time I order I will not get the extra wide as it seems a little too big. 
I have wide feet, and this is one of the few that is true to size. They have good arch support, and I find them to be very comfortable. 
Nice pair of shoes. I ordered size 9, width 4E. Just got them today, but I'm exchanging for a larger size because they're narrower than a 4E should be. (I have some really wide feet!)
The shoe's sole was too small for the actual size of the shoe which was size 10. The shoe was more narrow in certain places which made them uncomfortable. The left shoe, inside right, felt like the logo or side design was pushed in to make more narrow. Other than that, they have a great grip and good style.
The shoe sole was too small for the actually size shoe which was size 10. Shoe was more narrow in certain places which made it uncomfortable. Left shoe, inside right, felt like the logo or side design was pushed in to make more narrow. Other than that, great grip and good style.
My 11 year old son has been wearing the Dart 9 for several shoe sizes. His current size is 7.5 which puts him into the mens sizes. I was concerned that the mens shoe would be too wide (he has a long and narrow foot). The 7.5 fits him great! I have been pleased with the durability, these are the only shoes he wears. I also purchased the size 8 for when he outgrows/outwears current size.
The shoe's sole was too small for the actual size shoe which was size 10. The shoe was more narrow in certain places which made them uncomfortable. The left shoe, inside right, felt like the logo or side design was pushed in to make them more narrow. Other than that, great grip and good style.
These shoes are decent, but they're a bit to narrow for my liking.  Even with the widest size available, the shoes are too tight around the arch.  I'm returning mine.  Other than that, they're great.  I guess I'd recommend these shoes to anyone with normal feet.  They're comfortable, stylish, and breathe well.  If they weren't so narrow, I'd give them a perfect review.  
