ASICS Gel-Antares® TR 2 W
Great shoes! I was looking for a good workout shoe for plyo, HITT, and lateral movements because my old running shoes weren't doing it for me. These work awesome for my Turbo Fire and Insanity workouts, are very comfortable and take all the pressure off my knees and ankles. Very lightweight and flexible! I'm jumping and lunging harder than ever. I did buy a half size up because of all the movement and they fit perfectly.
I've been looking for a cross trainer for kick boxing and some cardio/dance type classes. After quite a bit of searching I settled on these and love them. Great support so my foot doesn't slip around but still room for toes to spread. They are lightweight as well. As one other reviewer noted, and which was a concern, the bottoms aren't slick but they still turn well, so not too much traction for things like Zumba where turning is necessary. I am hard to fit (I wear a 10 Narrow in street shoes) and in athletic shoes, heels are especially difficult as most seem to slip. These fit like a glove, so if your feet run narrow these are worth a try. Also, like some others here, I had to go up a full size from street shoe and even in size 11, they don't make my feet look huge. Great looking shoe too. Note that the mesh on the blue (and the pink which I have) is more a very light grey.
I searched for a long time for a cross trainer with cushion and support that I could use in step class and my gym workouts. I have arches and the step class and gym workouts are high intensity usually incorporating plyometrics and lateral movements. I wear Asics Nimbus for running shoes so I am used to quite a bit of cushion. These shoes work wonderfully! I should have bought two pair! Definitely buy a half size larger at least, and I would say a full size larger if you plan to put any additional support in the shoe. I love them, and would definitely recommend and buy them again! Oh, and they look much better in person than they appear online.
Although these are not the most comfortable Asics, they are good for strength/cardio classes. I would not wear them for running. They have good support, but very little cushion. They fit true to Asics size. I always have to go up a full size in Asics. I love the turquoise color!
I admit it; I only exercise in the gym. These sneakers work well for me there so I can't tell you how they'd perform in the world outside. I did have to send back the original pair and order a half size up. I am pretty tall and wear an 11 normally, but I had to re-order an 11 1/2. I would give these sneakers a full five stars overall, but I've had other Asics and the structural integrity of the shoe over time isn't great. I bought another pair because of wishful thinking. Still, they may do the job for you with no issues whatever.
Just like my previous Asics sneakers, these shoes are so comfortable. The shoe feels true to size and the support is fantastic. It's like walking on clouds all day long.
