Brooks Green Silence
I love these shoes. I have flat and somewhat wide feet, making it difficult to find a comfortable running shoe. Even moderate arch supports made my feet hurt after a few miles. Prior to the minimal/barefoot running trend, I always wore Brooks Beasts or Asics Gel Foundations motion control shoes. But the more I read, the more going barefoot or taking a minimalist approach sounded appealing. At first I tried some Vibram 5 finger / barefoot running shoes. I loved the concept, but seams in the Vibrams would frequently rub a blister on the top of my foot at around the 3 mile mark, they really do a number on your calves (as they should if you run barefoot, you gradually adapt), and there was always the issue of avoiding pebbles. The Green Silence strikes a sweet spot between traditional shoes and minimal shoes. You get some degree of cushion, making runs a bit less punishing on your feet, the ability to wear socks (a plus in my book as a distance runner), and it doesn't put as much focus on calf strength, but there's zero motion control and no arch, allowing your foot to move in a more natural way. If you plan on going barefoot, this is a good transitional shoe. But if (like me) you want a bit more cushion while still retaining a more natural range of motion, these guys are perfect. They took a bit of getting used to at first; the lacing system and fit just didn't feel quite "right" compared to how my traditional running shoes felt. I think a big part of that was being accustomed to motion control shoes that try to force you not to pronate. But once I grew accustomed to them, I'd never go back. They're a joy to run in, and I've had zero problems/injuries since I've been wearing them. As an added bonus, they only weigh 8 ozs and dry fast, making them perfect for a back pack or brief case. As others have noted, just buy 1/2 to 1 size larger that what you might normally wear if your feet run wide. I really wish they made more widths available - an E would be perfect. As a side note, I tried the Nike Free line as well. Good shoes, but (like most Nike shoes in my experience) way too narrow for a flat/wide footed runner.
These shoes are some of most comfortable I have ever run in.  Very little support, and very flat.  Almost minimalist, so may take awhile for you to get use to them.  Ran a 1/2 marathon in them and regularly do 10+ miles 3X a week in the different pairs I have.  The have a nice roomy toe box.  Also check out T7 racers if you want a mre narrow feel.  Oh,and these are great sockless, look for the uppers that look like a sponge, as these dry fast.  Go 1/2 size larger then your normal pair with these as with other Brooks.
I have these shoes in the discontinued red/yellow/black and love them. It is so hard to find men's sizes in bright colors. These are super lightweight and very breathable. I like the lacing system. The arch support feels like it is negative since it is so flat. Even with my custom orthotics my arches feel unsupported. But I get lots of compliments, even from teenagers who cannot believe that I am that cool.
I have been shopping for minimalist shoes lately and have tried the following: Pearl Izumi Peak XC, Zoot Sports Ultra Kalani (too tight and I did not like the barefoot liner I could not wear socks with this shoe), Brooks Green Silence, Inov-8 F-Lite 230 (least amount of cushion) Nike Free Run+ (bottom of the list), and Saucony ProGrid Kinvara. I wear size 11-dress shoe, size 11-1/2 in Nike, Asics, etc. neutral running shoes, the Pearl Izumi and the Nike Free I have had to move to a size 12. I have a fairly normal arch and medium width, these shoes are sized short, my toes touch the end of the shoe. I have not received the size 12 Pearl Izumi and will write another review after running in a size 12, but as of now the Saucony Kinvara or Brooks Green Silence are definite favorites. The Brooks more of a racing flat (light weight, decent cushion) very fast and the Saucony has more cushion, both at 8 ounces each. It is amazing the engineering that goes into these shoes to use lightweight material to achieve the best cushion to weight ratio. I was skeptical and concerned about using minimalist shoes because of surgery to repair a small tear on my medial meniscus. I chose to try these instead of barefoot; I need some kind of cushion. If you are careful and pay attention to your foot strike, so far I think these shoes all provide enough cushion and support even as I rehab my knee. I tried my Nike Vomeros the other day and they felt like boots every strike at 12 ounces each I did not think it would make that much difference. There are other features and differences between these styles I recommend reading about them and giving one of the above pair a try. I am a lightweight runner and try to have a very light foot strike, if you like to pound the pavement you probably will not like these shoes. Stay with your Asics Gel style shoes.
