New Balance WR840
I have been wearing the New Balance 840's (and its predecessors) in a size 9 wide for several years (gave them a glowing report last year) and have been very satisfied with the fit until now. Not only does the new pair feel a half size too small, but the tongue is bulkier on the inside, puts pressure on the top arch side of my foot causing extreme pain and I can not get the laces adjusted right. I can not wear them for more than 30 minutes and since it took wearing them to find this out, I am now stuck with them. They were US made too which was my conscious choice so it is doubly disappointing.
This shoe (D width) has a great shape and size for my wide toes. I was sad it narrows right where my tailor's bunion sticks out!
I tried the 840 hoping to use it to replace my 1123's (the 1540 shoe was not my cup of tea). I had to order half a size larger than I wear in other New Balance shoes. I was disappointed that although the shoe length was fine, there is something in the design or construction that you can feel hitting your toes with each step you take. I thought I just missed removing some of the packing material, but what I was feeling rubbing against my toes was actually part of the inside of the shoe. The seams and stitching inside take up at least ¼" of the toebox and no matter how much I tried to flatten it so it would not rub, it still irritated my toes with each step. I cannot comment on the support as I could not wear them for more than a few minutes before I had to take them off. Even with my thickest socks on, there was no way to wear these shoes given how the toebox is stitched on the inside.
I ordered several pairs of shoes in 11 Narrow to compare; these were a half size too short and other New Balance shoes ordered in the same size were not.  Even if they had fit in length, they would have been too wide for a narrow.  I find the heels of the New Balance shoes (in narrow) are snug but the toe/anterior part of the shoe is not.  Sadly, had to return them.  
This shoe has excellent support and is well made but beware that it runs slightly small. I have other styles of New Balance and my size 10 fits like a 9.5. 
These shoes are awesome! They are perfect for my feet. There is a wide toe box which I need for my enlarged and arthritic toe joint (similar to a bunion but not quite that bad); the only thing I noticed is that they seem about a 1/2 size shorter than normal; I can still wear them with no problem though. I have tried many different shoes and these are so comfortable I bought a 2nd pair to keep for the future in case they change the design and not available when these wear out. Very pleased with purchase!
I have size 9 wide feet that complain a lot, bunions, 2 Mortons Neuroma surgeries, broken 5th metatarsal bone, etc. I have worn this model New Balance shoe, because of its wide toe box, for many years and it remains the most comfortable shoe, for me, allowing me to take long walks in comfort with no aching feet after the walk.
I love these shoes. The size was true, I'm a size 9 and need extra room for the toes. Yet the heel fit just great. Wonderful support and comfort.
