Bloch Lightening
It's a great look -- and a great brand (wore it years ago when I taught dance). I should have read more of the reviews before buying, and would have gone up 1/2 size. They are just too small so I'll exchange. Mesh is nice and breathable. Wanted them for Zumba. Can't wait to get the proper size.
I really like these shoes for Zumba. I had been looking to replace my old Nike dance shoes, but they do not make that style any more. I had never considered Bloch in the past because they only had the split sole shoes, which are not appropriate for Zumba. I ordered these in the black/silver and they are super cute. Initially, the pivot point in the front was very slippery and I had to be careful. Either they got a little more grip as the pivot point got scuffed up, or I got used to where to put my weight to hit the spots with more traction when I need to. As far as size and support, they run super small. I wear an 8-8½. I know that Block runs small, so I got a 9 to be safe, but ended up needing a 9½ because my feet are a little bit wide. The support is decent. It is better than some, but not great. I ended up buying a better insole and replacing the one that they came with, which helped a lot. Overall, I am still looking for those perfect Zumba shoes, but these are the best that I have found so far. I wish someone would design shoes with the support needed for all the jumping around we do, and a pivot point as awesome as the one on these shoes.
After trying and returning several pairs of shoes, I finally found the perfect shoes for Zumba! Still fresh out of the box, they fit like a glove and I can turn and slide with ease. As other reviewers suggested, I ordered a full size up (I'm normally 6 or 6.5, so I ordered 7.5) and that was the right decision. I almost never wear pink, but I ordered them in pink just because I didn't like other options. I am pleasantly surprised how great looking they are! Now I'm thinking about buying a pink workout shirt.
Love the shoes for Zumba.  Feels so much better on the knees!  Ordered a half-size larger than normal and had to send them back to get one whole size larger.
Great shoes for Zumba on carpet. Slides easily.  The cushion allows you to move forward onto the balls of your feet and toes, relieving stress on you heels. Order one size up.
Love this shoe for Zumba!!!  It does come small so I would recommend ordering a half size to a whole size larger.  They do not have much arch support but for what I use them for, it doesn't seem to be a problem for me.  Love that they have grip when I need them and a little slide when I need that.   
I love these shoes and the way they look but they do run small so I am returning and ordering 1/2 size up.  
I got these shoes for Zumba in hopes of less stress on the knees when twisting, etc.  They totally fit that purpose, the smooth plastic part on the bottom at the ball of the foot makes them turn without sticking, yet they are not too slippery on the wood floor.  they are very comfortable, too, the most comfortable of the 3 brands I tried.  They do run a little on the small side, probably a half-size.
Shoe runs really small, go full size up.  I have worn this for Zumba 2-3 times a week for 2 months.  I now have sore knees and ankle pain that no other sneaker has given me.  These are terrible for any dancing with any significant impact.  the smooth bottom is nice, but doesn't override terrible support.  Would not recommend for those who do higher impact zumba.
Going to try the Ryka for dancing.
These are the best dance shoes that I have ever found. There is no joint-pulling drag on lateral moves and spins are seamlessly smooth. Follow the recommendations and order at least a full size larger than usual. I wear a 7 and the 8 fits perfectly. The are completely comfortable on the very first wearing. There is no break-in period at all. They are very light-weight with good support. I got them fast and I am completely satisfied with my purchase.
As per the previous reviews, I ordered this a full size bigger.  Unfortunately it was still too small!  There is very little arch support as well.  It is too bad because the shoe is really cute.
Bought these half a size larger. Normally wear 7.5 to 8and bought these in 8.5 based on what reviewers said. Though perfect until I spent 3.5 hours contra dancing. The tips of my toes felt bruised at the end which tells me I bought them a half size too small. Since I wore them, I feel I can't return them and will use them for jazzercise or rumba. Those are only an hour long sessions and they should be fine. Maybe after breaking them in they won't kill my toe. Conclusion buy bigger than you think. They are great for turns and twists, soles slide and were not too slippery for me.
Great shoe for zumba. My knees are saying thank you  for using these shoes. I followed the advice of others by ordering 1/2 a size larger and they fit perfect.
I absolutely love these shoes. I am a line dancer and all the reviews were for Zumba but I tried them anyway. They are perfect. They are so light and I love the ball that helps me do great turns. I have always worn Bloch split sole sneakers for dancing but these work even better. And the colors are fabulous. I wear them two sizes larger then my street shoes. I have wide feet and these are even wider than the split soles which is perfect for me. And they are a little cheaper. I cannot say enough about these shoes. I am so glad that I tried them.
I have a wide 8.5 sized foot, but this 9.5 sized "B-Medium" width just wasn't wide enough, or tall enough in the bridge to keep my feet from getting instantly tingly. I love the design and the performance of the shoe, it's exactly what I'm looking for. I just need to find a wider style.
Love these for Zumba! The have a great pivot point but are not as slippery as the Bloch Evolutions that I've been wearing for a while. I ordered 1/2 size up and am happy with the fit. They are not super wide through the toes but fit me well.
I really love this shoe for Zumba. It has good support and allows you to move freely. I normally wear a size 9 shoe, but ordered a 9.5 and the fit is perfect.
I love these dance sneakers. I teach Zumba and many of my classes are on carpet. I no longer have knee pain and can pivot with ease. I recommend them for carpet or any other type of flooring. I am going to order them in other colors as well. I recommend buying 1/2 size up.
