Converse Kids Chuck Taylor® All Star® Step Ox (Infant/Toddler)
Really cute shoes!  pretty true to size flexible enough. I wish they were slightly more flexible but they are stiff. Very easy to get on and off with the velcro strap, which is very important with a 2 year old! 
I LOVE these sneakers for my son. I ordered a size smaller since they run about a whole size bigger. I started buying these when he was just a year old and they are excellent quality and last! I ordered red and black in size 6 and he already owns the navy. Thinking about ordering more sizes for as he grows older. Easy to put on for a squirmy toddler!
I ordered a couple styles of Converse.  The kind that lace up are SO much bigger than this shoe in the same size.  They looked like clown shoes on my sons feet.  My friend warned me about that, but I had to see for myself.  This shoe is great.  My son who is 27 months wears them barefoot or with socks and he does great in them.  They also look very nice with jeans.  I would recommend these shoes!
Lightweight and very flexible -- an ideal shoe for an early walker. We purchased these as a second pair for our 12-month-old walker and have been happy. She has been walking for two weeks or so, and putting these on did not slow her down at all. In heavier, clunkier styles she tried on in the store, she would not move or resorted back to crawling. In these, she continued to take normal steps, which shows that they were comfortable for her. The velcro strap can be made very tight or very loose, and these stay on well, despite being lowtops. A note about sizing: Converse is always a gamble (and I personally have had many pairs!). This style appears to run true to size. Our daughter was measured in a store and we bought size 5 in Stride Rite SRT walkers. Knowing that Converse tends to run very big, I ordered 4 and 5 of this style to compare. This style has more padding around the ankle than the regular All Stars and seems to be cut differently. A size 5 in "Chucks" flopped off my daughter's foot, but these in 5 fit perfectly with a little room to grow.
I bought these for my 16 month old daughter. They are easy to put on and they stay on. I originally bought a size 5 and then a 4, but ended up with a 3. I would by two sizes becuse they do run big and send one back, love the free shipping Zapppos. 
