Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Serrano™
Love it! Good support and lightweight. Exchanged for a half size up though because of the width (I have wide feet).
I bought these for my boyfriend as he loves them! He has multiple pairs and they are great "barefoot" style shoes with minimal arch support. His normal size in Onitsuka Tiger shoes is a 10, and he had to get a 10.5 in these shoes since they did not stretch as much as other types (Tai Chi).
Great looking shoe!  Always wanted yellow shoes that Uma Thurman wore in Kill Bill - sadly, too big! Followed the size guide for womens 8 but it was too big.  Debating whether I should return it for a smaller size.  Disappointed in the quality of the shoe, hate to say it but my son's cheap Target play shoes had better construction.  I love the look of retro shoes but expect 2012 materials/performance.
My shoe size is 12.5 and in between a C and D width, my "big toe" is longer than my "long toe," and I have a low arch. I purchased a 12.5 (medium) and it is the best fitting shoe I've ever owned. It's very comfortable, in my opinion, and will let you walk for hours on end, unless you absolutely must have arch support. It should last you a good year if you wear it daily, after that you should have some bald tread spots. I recommend this shoe to anyone who is tall and has big feet, as they don't add any extra height or unnecessary bulk.
Low quality material and the size is 1 larger. I am very disappointed and I will not buy again from this company.
Super, super comfy. Typically I'm a size 9 and ended up with an 8 1/2 in these. I, personally, think there isn't very much arch support, but that doesn't bother me. They're better than Converse, but if you need arch support you will probably need an insert.
I love these shoes! They are super lightweight, comfortable, and cute. They fit true to size and accomodate my wide feet well. I am on my feet all day and am glad that I can work in comfort and style with these shoes. I definitely reccommend! 
My daughter has a pair of these so I was able to determine to half size down. I love the women's style better than the unisex. Lightweight and hip looking. I bought them for a trip to NYC expecting lots of walking. All day comfort with a thin sock. As always fast service no worries on returns.  Waiting for the Grey and pink to make a comeback. 
Great shoe, didn't quite like the Winter White/Ocean combination, though. The colors don't pop as much in person as they do in the picture. I ended up getting it in the Caribbean Blue instead. This shoe definitely runs small so size up. They're also a bit narrow but they've stretched out since I started wearing them.

I bought them to match a carnival costume, so aesthetically they are exactly what I wanted. I always intended to use insoles, so I purposely bought them a size larger than usual. I worked out in them a few times without additional insoles and I was underwhelmed by the arch support they provided. Very cute, but would require some modifications to become fully functional/practical.

This shoe is nice and cute. For sizing, the women's 10 are designed for a 26.5 cm foot...that's also a EU42. If 26.5 is your ski boot size you will love these in a ten. By the way, the sole is soft. I like the lightweight feel and sleek design. 

Super. Very flexible, well-padded, extremely comfortable right out of the box. Fit about the same as the Mexico 66 (size 7.5 women's, size 6 men's). Color is a teeny bit more green than my monitor shows - a really gorgeous vibrant turquoise.
Very happy with this shoe. The fit is very nice and fits true to sizing. I have a slightly narrow foot and long toes and tend to want to size up a half if there is any question about shoes running small, I didn't have to. I don't want to say the sneaker runs big because they don't, the sneaker itself is just shaped in a manner to lend that room for toe space. I would say the overall style is geared for a more narrow foot though. It's definitely a purely fashion sneaker not meant for true athletics. It's well constructed but the materials are delicate and will not hold up to any rough use, dust, dirt, scratching and that sort of thing. Very nice as a urban fashion sneaker though!
I loved the style, but not the fit for me. Nice, snug, narrow fit comfortable right out of the box. But I have high insteps and arches and these just were not 'tall' enough to be comfortably worn with my orthotic. Normally I can take an Onitsuka shoe, go up a 1/2 size, and slip it in and go. But this one did not have the room of the '81s'.
