Keen McKenzie
These are great shoes!  I have wide feet so Keens are always my go-to shoes, but these are exceptionally nice.  Additional bonus is that they fit comfortably over my very high arches.  These are very light-weight and flexible, great water shoes even though they look more like hiking shoes.  I was able to wear them without socks the first time I went out in them.  Spent hours kayaking, they were wet most of the time, and my feet were always comfortable.  Also work great for all-around walking shoes. Keens tend to run small but I found these fit exactly at my regular shoe size.
This is about my 10th pair of Keens, although I've never written a review. I have read a lot of them though, and they are so helpful. These sandal/shoes run true to size and the usual Keen wider width. I read another review that said these didn't have good arch support, and I completely agree; however, I put some cheap arch supports in them (underneath the insole provided) and they feel a lot better. Otherwise, they are quite flat. I don't know if I could walk miles in these like my other Keens, but they are great summer shoes. I love the fact that I can wear short socks with them and that they don't catch tiny stones that are hard to get out. I do a lot of bike riding with them, and the mesh is lovely and cool. Overall, I like them even though they aren't as supportive as some Keens. The light weight and breezy mesh are worth it for another Keen option. The speed laces are really long and come out a ways, almost to the toes, which is a little. Weird.
This is my first pair of Keens and I really like them. They are very stylish in an outdoorsy, hikerish way. They are a wide shoe, maybe not the best for someone with a narrow foot, but it works for my average one. I gave them four stars for comfort, as they are a bit scratchy inside; I'm not sure how that will turn out when I try to wear them all day. I wasn't sure what to expect about the arch support, the reviews are very contradictory. That said, they don't have much extra arch support, just what you'd expect from an average shoe, but not athletic shoe level. The footbed is spongy and comfortable, I don't find it hard as some claimed. Also the foot box is roomy, which I like, but the whole shoe felt like my size as normal. I bought them for a vacation in Colorado and I might do a little hiking in them. I think they will do nicely for my purposes.
I read other reviews and was able to try these on locally, but not in the color I wanted. I did order a 1/2 size smaller and they fit great. I love that the heel is enclosed so rocks don't get in. Great and comfortable!
Bought these shoes for vacation. No need to break them in they are very comfortable. Ordered a half size smaller than I normally wear.
I love these shoes!  Though they seem to run a half size larger, I walked miles all over NYC without a breaking in period. Can't wait to go hiking in them this summer! Highly recommend!
