Aetrex Apex® Lace Walkers
These shoes are comfortable, stylish, sturdy and are just what I wanted. They were not true to length (I ordered one size larger) and width (I ordered EE) Would buy again, definitely!

Not true to size and no support - 
This shoe had very little arch support and was narrow in size for a EE width. Quality of the shoe seemed ok although it looked like it was plastic or fake in appearance.
Sneakers fit true to size. They are confortable. They arrived in a very fast time frame.
Aetrex shoes are the only shoes I have found so far that truly fit my custom insoles. I have three pairs of Aetrex shoes. I order a width up to accommodate the insoles. As for # sizing, I think they are pretty true to size. I have two different sizes of feet now (since foot reconstruction) so it’s hard for me to tell. These are relatively light shoes for being leather. They are a bit hot on your feet, but that’s to be expected of leather tennis shoes. They are clunky, but good to walk in. I have my own arch support so I can’t tell you if they have good arch support or not. They are VERY well constructed shoes.
These shoes are not very cute, as they appear to be in the picture, they are kind of big and clunky like my grandmothers shoes. I wouldn't even care what they look like if I could just find a pair of black shoes with excellent cushion to wear during my 12 hour shifts on my feet. These do run about a 1/2 size large, and when I walk they slide off my heels, so I'll have to send them back and possibly try a smaller size. My quest for comfort along with style continues...
When measured at a quality orthopedic shoe store, I’m told I should wear a size 6.5 EE. Obviously this can vary by brand. I ordered these shoes in a size 6.5 EE, and they are too narrow for me. Not sure if I was mismeasured, or if this shoe model runs smaller than "normal”. I’d completely love these shoes if they just came in a EEEE also.
These shoes in an extra wide seem to contain my mild to moderate bunions, Morton's neuroma condition, but were a 1/2 size too large. I am exchanging them for a 1/2 size smaller, so we shall see! I am hoping for the perfect fit! I don't care so much if they aren't the cutest shoe, as long as they feel good.
Too narrow - 
I ordered an 8.5 wide. The size was right, but the heel seemed a bit wide and the rest of the shoe was narrow. Since I have plantar fasciitis and this shoe gets good reviews for that, I have ordered it in 8.5 extra wide. Will let you know how that is.

