Shimano SH-M087G
I normally wear size US 12 athletic sneakers, and US 11 dress/casual shoes (thinner socks), and US 12 boots. The EUR conversions aren't always accurate, but EUR 46 is normally what I wear. With the Shimano cycling shoes, I followed Shimano's recommended size chart, which indicated I wanted a EUR 47 to fit my US 12 size, and it worked out great. I felt the insoles in the SH-M087G are a tad thin, causing my smaller foot to move just a tad. I have some Spenco running insoles that I may use to pad it up a little. Otherwise the sole is very stiff (as it should be), and the tread pattern is designed for rugged terrain and even some limited walking. These take the SPD cleats (2 bolts), but you can buy a version that uses the Look pattern (3 bolts). The shoes come with a pair of cleat nuts. These cleat nuts are important because that is how I can attach the SPD cleats. I bought a pair of Shimano A530 pedals and SH56 multi-release cleats, only to find neither included cleat nuts. The nuts apparently come only with the shoes, so make sure your cleat nuts aren't missing in the shoe box. The tongue is a bit stiff, and tends to dig into the front of the ankle. I find myself cinching down the middle Velcro clasp a lot more, causing some of it to hang loose in excess. The ratcheting clasp is a very good setup, it reminds me of motocross boots or my motorcycle road racing boots. The styling and color is very lacking in innovation, they look rather bland and could use some more attractive colors. The weight of the shoes is also substantial compared to standard athletic running shoes! I d recommend the SH-M087G as trainers for a road or mountain bike, but if you plan to participate in a race, I'd go with a stiffer and lightweight road bike shoe with the Look cleats. Overall: 4/5 stars. The styling isn't as good, the shoes weigh a lot, the tongue is a bit stiff, and the middle Velcro clasp is slightly too long but shouldn't affect cycling performance. The insoles could be a bit thicker.
This shoe fit perfectly! I have a size 12 foot with a broken metatarsal bone so width is important. Shoe feel great. Very happy!
As a woman with big feet on the hunt for a cycling shoe that fits, I am having to resort to mens shoes. I wear a ladies street size 11, occasionally a 10. I ordered the 43 in this shoe, but my toes tap the end. If these were offered in half sizes, I would have a perfect fit. I have tried a woman's 44 in other Shimano brand cycling shoes and they are entirely too large. These are being returned, and I won't be hunting for Shimanos any longer.
Bliss! A shoe that fit my wide front foot, super high arches and normal heel. I bought these as a replacement to a more "street" Shimano SPD shoe that finally gave up the ghost. I looked and tried cycling shoes for over a year before these. Each one said they were wider in the toe box - they definitely weren't. The ratching closure took a day to get used to, as it plus the tongue are very stiff, but I really do like how well I can fit the shoe where I need it now. I wear a 41 Euro - I originally ordered that size and my toes were crushed in it. The 42 Euro fits slightly large with summer weight socks, but allows for heavier wool socks for when the temps drop below freezing.
I use MTB shoes and pedals with my road bike, but this shoe has stiff soles pretty much like regular road shoes, which is a good thing. The straps and latch allow you to set tightness just right, and there is still enough room in the toes to keep you comfortable on long rides. All in all, a pretty good MTB shoe for the money. Keep in mind that Shimano shoe sizes run a bit large, so it's a good idea to buy one EU size smaller than what you normally wear.
True to size. Too bad they don't offer 0.5 sizes. I'm 11.75 U.S. and could not make 46 or 47 work for me. Looks like a good shoe.
I purchased this for everyday exercise biking and touring, not mountain biking, as I wanted a shoe that I could walk in with SPD clips. The shoe is very attractive and comfortable. Caution: I am a true size 14, but needed size 51 (not size 50 as chart would indicate). Delivery time was faster than expected.
OK, mine is a special review. If you need a size 14 bike shoe, your options are limited. These work. That's all you need to know if you wear size 14!
The Shimano SH-M087G is a good shoe. Built well, and is comfortable. I would buy one size up.

