Bloch Boost DRT Mesh Sneaker
I have gotten these shoes in the past. I love them for Zumba. No chance of twisting your ankle. Some people feel they don't offer enough support, but I don't have a problem with that. They REALLY, REALLY run SMALL. Be sure to buy AT LEAST a size larger than normal. They are super cute!
First of all, I'm a heavy gal (185 lbs) with flat feet and my knees bother me when doing moves that involve my knees. I bought these shoes for Zumba and tried them out in class today for the first time and all I can say is, Wow! I did buy a size 10 because of everyone's comments here on-line (thanks everyone!) to buy a whole size up (I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 med. width) and because I wear socks with them. I did take out their insole (they are removable and not much support to us people with flat feet) and put in my orthotic insoles in the shoes and they worked out great! I'm 51 and my knees and knee joints did not ache a bit during or after class as they usually do when wearing my usual cross training shoes to Zumba. I usually do lower impact Zumba moves (no jumping or hopping around), but I tried the jumping/hopping in my new Bloch shoes and I was surprised that it was so much more easier to move my feet with the rhythm and did really well without any pain. The shoes are so light which made it easier to do the moves where your feet need to come up from the floor more than 4 inches. Great shoes, easy to twist without hurting one's knees and joints. If you dance, you've got to do the best for your feet and your knees/joints and get these shoes! They are so comfy! Just remember to go at least a size up and if you need support for your arches, buy them and put them in! The only thing I wonder is how long will they last? I'm hoping to get at least 6 months of Zumba (using them 1 hour twice a week) use out of them! I will have to see and comment about their durability later.
Love these shoes! Ordered a size 11, normally I wear a 9 1/2; these fit like a glove.
I am a plus size girl that LOVES to do Zumba. I have been on a mission to find the perfect shoe for this. I thought I hit the jackpot with this shoe, but that was not the case. They started to hurt soon after wearing them along the spot where there is no sole...between the toes and heel. 3/4 through a Zumba class, I could not feel my toes. I have not experienced any feeling like this in my other shoes. It was not until I tried a class in these that I learned they are not the ones for me. Back to the drawing board I go....
This sneaker is great!  Very comfortable, I wear them for Zumba.  Do buy bigger than your normal size, I am a size 8, purchased 9.5 and fit comfortable.  First day they hurt my toe a bit but now they're awesome.  Not the best looking sneaker, but definitely very comfortable.
The shoes are great.  Good support.  I had to reorder, eventually going 1 and a half sizes larger than usual.
I read all of the reviews from other customers on this site when I purchased these. Unfortunately, some were not accurate. I wear a size 8.5, but ordered them in a 10. However, I had to return them for a 9.5 instead. My suggestion, order them only one size larger.
Thank goodness for other shopper's comments about size! I wear an 11, but ordered a 12 1/2--it was perfect.
I use this shoe for jazzercise and my feet feel wonderful when executing all of the turns and jumps. It has a good solid base to balance on one foot and good traction on wood floors. My feet are a little wide and this works well. Had to order two sizes up as I have found to be the case with Bloch.
This is my first Bloch and I am very pleased with how well constructed the shoes are. Do order a full size up. I usually wear a 9½/10 and I bought an 11 and they fit well enough without socks (as intended). I bought them for Zumba (of course) and let me just say, the sweet spot on the bottom and the ability to pull up the laces in the arch for stability and support really makes these shoes. Some of the reviews complained about lack of arch support but I think they did not experiment enough with the laces to customize for their feet. The only thing I do not like is the inconvenience of having to unlace very time I want to take them off. However, being able to customize the fit in mass produced shoes is an overall plus.
Been wearing my shoes now for three weeks in zumba class. I love them! So glad I read the reviews and ordered a size and a half bigger. Even two sizes bigger is perfect. Love that they come with two laces, regular and elastic. The elastic work well for me as they leave movement for the foot. I've gotten many compliments on these shoes and highly recommend them.
Love this shoe, like a slipper... As others mentioned order a full size up... Wish Bloch would make a better looking shoe...
I bought these shoes for zumba and I love them. They are lightweight and very comfortable I forgot I was wearing shoes. But I wear a size 8½ so I bought a 9½ and a 10 and I am returning the 9½ as they did not feel as comfortable as the 10.
Excellent shoes for zumba.  These have great padding in both the front of the foot and the heel so they absorb many of the impacts during a zumba session. They also breathe well and I find that my  foot doesn't get hot, even during very active sessions.  This style run very small, as noted by others,  I regularly wear a size 9 shoes so I ordered both a size 10 and 10 1/2 to see what would fit.  I ended up returning both and ordering a size 11 which fit fine.
I use these shoes for jazzercise and they are wonderful! I have bad knees so require shoes with good support/padding and these are great. I did buy a size and a half larger than I normally wear. 
I love this pair. I've been using them for more than 5 years. I bought it for my ballroom/Latin dance practice to relieve myself from 3 inch pin heels. Now I use them for Zumba classes. This time, I bought a new pair to replace the old one. I first tried on the cheaper ones, and I was so disappointed. I love Bloch and I recommend them, but only this model. Don't even think about other cheaper ones. There's a huge difference. The size I wear is one full size bigger than my regular size. This shoes are pretty wide. I love the toe point where you can stand on your toes like you're wearing a pair of pointe. The sole of the shoes are harder and lighter than regular sneakers, but not like the cheaper ones which were just like a plastic. Those cheap ones were so hard and slippery, and I don't think it's even safe to walk. The sole of these shoes are not as rubbery as regular sneakers and they won't stick like a basket shoes. So you need your muscle power to stop, or you can slip. If you are not really good at muscle control as a dancer and just doing Zumba, you need to get used to, or else you can injure yourself. But to me, this is the best Zumba shoe around.
These are the most comfortable shoes to wear for teaching or taking Zumba! I am an instructor and I have two pairs of these. I never have sore feet and they have good support for me. I also have wide feet so I purchased two sizes larger than I normally wear and they are perfect! Have received many compliments on the pink!
I admit I didn't quite believe those who said you had to order two sizes up, but I had to return the 8's for 10's.  Even tried 9.5.  I also tried several other kinds of dance shoes.  I wear them for Zumba.  I am heavy and have foot problems and many other brands and styles didn't offer the right arch support and/or felt too heavy.  These did require a little break in - in fact my classes my feet have to adapt to them for the first 5-10 minutes, but then they are comfortable, offer good support, and provide both traction and maneuverability.
Sometimes the only way you can figure out what you like and what's working in a shoe is to pay attention to what you choose every day. After trying Naot and Mephisto and sending all (many styles and sizes) back, I bought these and with an orthotic insert or without, they feel right on my narrow, high-arched foot. I walk a mile and a half a day to my office in them, no twisted ankles when I take the short cut down the hill and encounter gullies, no sore back at the end of the day, and they look good with straight leg and boot cut pants. I'm obviously not using them for dance although as a former dancer I do feel that my foot needs the security of a high arched shoe that also has respect for the care of the ankle.
