Nike Air Miler Walk+ 2
Went by the reviews to determine size and decided on true to size. Found the 7 1/2 ran small. Gave them to my sister who wears a 7 1/2 also and it's a perfect fit for her. She says great cushioning, comfortable fit.
This shoe runs small! I always take a size 8 Nike cross trainer, but these were short. I had to return for 8.5. Love the shoe; width is perfect but the length runs small.

These shoes are very comfortable. They run a tad small for size so I had to go up 1/2 a size. 

These are excellent. I bought these as a gift for my mother who has difficulty with pain in the ball of her foot. She loved these! They were comfortable right away. True to size and no break-in period. Do not think of them as "mother" shoes either--these are stylish for women of any age. I actually think the picture does not do them justice.

Great support yet the mesh sides and top allow cool walking.  True to size and comfortable at the first walk!
When I was first looking at these, there were no reviews.  After googling this show and finding reviews elsewhere I placed my order.  Boy am I happy I did.  They are very comfortable, offer great support and look super on my feet.  Not having tried any on elsewhere, I ordered my usual size (7.5) and the fit is perfect.  The toe area has a great mesh weave which leaves ample room for your toes to "breathe" and is very comfortable for anyone with a bunion like me.  I got them right before a trip to D.C. and walked all over the city for 5 days without any rubbing, blistering or problems.  I highly recommend these.
I have always worn Nike, as I have a narrow heel and I like their wide toe box.  I have worn their older high end mesh walking shoe along with the next one down which was the Vitality.

I ordered the Air Miler Walk+2 and the Air Avenue to see which I really liked best.

The differences I felt were the Air Miler sole was not as chunky and the lace system was easier.  It was also easier to get my foot in, without really pulling back the tongue.

This shoe had the same cusioning and flexibility and I like it's slimmer look.  I also don't need to size up a half size, as I do with the Air Avenue.  
These are great! I was having some back pain from walking with Skechers and switched to these. No more pain and better workouts! I found (with all Nikes) that I need a half size bigger than I would normally wear. And hey look pretty good too.
