Privo by Clarks P-Polar Bungee
Loved the look of this shoe and usually have no problem with Privo but these were a half size too small so I ordered up and then they felt tight across the toes but were really loose around the ankle! I sent them back; for this price they must fit better than that!
The support and cushion is these shoes was amazing.  They would have been my favorite shoes, if they would have fit.  I wear a size 11 and ordered these in an 11 wide.  They are narrow and a bit shorter that most size 11 shoes.  I was so bummed that they ran so small and I had to return because of how comfortable the sole felt.
These shoes are very comfortable. They are not the best looking shoes, but for hiking and gardening or just wearing around they are great. They have bumps all over the bottom and every step is like a foot massage, its great! They run and little small, I wear a size 10 and had to return to get an 11 but they are great. The slip on it very nice and they dont come off. These are great and easy shoes. 
I wanted to love these, but it seems like Privo's size 11s are getting shorter.  The colors were great, and the style was pretty good, but the foot bed has an odd instep, is a little short, and is not built for wider feet.  Too bad!
I bought these shoes for a summer trip to Italy.  I wanted shoes that were sleek and light-weight, yet supportive for walking around.  These shoes have a sleek style and neutral color, and the shoe insert/lining provides moderate comfort and support.  I am normally 7.5, but I ordered an 8.  When I received them, the size felt good.  I wore the shoes a bit before my trip, but as I wore these shoes in Italy, I immediately got blisters at the heel.  The shoes also started to feel snug as my feet began to swell in the heat.  The shoe did not allow my feet to breathe, so they became very uncomfortable quickly.  With this bad combination of problems, I was only able to wear my shoes twice on my trip.  My feet were so torn up and ached after wearing them, I don't plan to wear these shoes ever again.   
These are really comfortable shoes. They run true to size; I always wear an 8½ in Clarks. The toe box was narrower than other Clarks/Privo shoes that I own. I would change that if I could.
This is a nice walking shoe. It fits snugly, so I went a half size up, which I recommend. It is a slim design which I like because I hate the look of tennis shoes. I like the slip on design, it pinches a little in the toes, but I think overall it is a fine shoe for city walking and light trail walking which is what I plan to use it for. Arrived very quickly.
These are very comfortable shoes. For my particular use I would have gotten 1/2 size bigger to allow for wearing socks. Love the shoes!
I think these shoes are super cute and comfortable. Yay! I did have a little trouble with the sizing, though, because although I never wear "wide" shoes, the regulars just felt way too tight across the top of my feet. I exchanged the regular size for wide, and the fit is now perfect.
I love the look of these shoes, and they are very well made. The suede uppers are high quality and soft. I ordered my usual size and the fit was good.  However, the first day I wore these, I wore them without socks which was a huge mistake.  The heels rubbed and I got the worst blisters on the backs of both my heels. The shoes are cut very low, so I'm not sure what socks to buy that would look right.  When I find the right socks I will wear them again. It was a bit disappointing, they look like they were designed to be worn without socks.  Otherwise, it is a good quality shoe with good cushioning and support. I rated them lower just because of the heel blister issue.
I really liked these out of the box, but noticed within a few minutes of wear that my toes were brushing up against the front of the toe box. I may replace them with a 1/2 size up since they are very comfortable overall.
These are great for us wide width gals! They are cute shoes, I just ordered two colors and am keeping both. I am truly a size 7WW, but nothing cute or stylish comes in this size. I am wearing a 7½W in these shoes. In other shoes (Sofft brand) I wear an 8W, If the shoe runs wide. I would say these run wide since my "Fred Flintstone" feet can fit into them! These are comfortable and cute. I will wear them with shorts and jeans and whatever. I will likely order the black, too!
