Nike Air Max+ 2012
This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.  I work in a warehouse setting, standing/walking on concrete for 10+ hours a day.  I found these to be true to size with great arch support and the best heel support ever.  For years, I've been an avid fan of the Adidas Bounce styling, but not anymore.  
I was very skeptical about these shoes shoes, wondering if the air technology actually works or whether it is just pure marketing. Additionally, in the past, I have had some bad experiences with both Nike shoes and cleats, so things were really working against them. However, I have to say, I am really impressed with these shoes, they are very comfortable and offer nice support. In fact, I suffered a very painful football-related knee injury recently, so these are my go-to pair due to the added cushioning and stability. And while I am on the topic of cushioning, the Nike Air technology works very well, I can feel the shock being absorbed throughout the shoes, especially in the heels. In terms of style, these shoes are definitely aesthetically pleasing; I have received many compliments about my shoes (purchased in white/blue spark). I only have two complaints with these shoes. Firstly, the price is pretty steep, I understand that these are towards the top on Nike's product line spectrum, but the price can be a little disconcerting for someone who is on a budget. Secondly, these shoes are a little heavy if you plan on making these your primary running shoes. I use these mostly for walking, so weight is not a huge issue for me; if you are looking for a lightweight running shoes, I would look elsewhere. Overall, if you are looking for shoes that provide great support, comfort and stability, these might be the pair of shoes for you. However, if price is a huge factor for you, I would consider looking elsewhere. I ordered these half a size smaller because I read that these shoes run big in the heel; however, I ended up returning them for a true to size pair. You might want to consider ordering them true to size or even half a size bigger, keep in mind though, the heel runs slightly wide.
I work at O'Hare Airport. These shoes were the topic of the day I wore them to work. Very light-weight, high on style & comfort. They do tend to run a full size larger. Normally wear 10.5 but had to go to 11.5. I have neuropathy of the feet - best comfort I've had in 10 years.
I love the shoes but they were HUGE, I ordered my size but they are like 2 sizes too big. I just returned it and will order a smaller size. Other than that the shoes are great.
I bought this size 15 pair of shoes for my husband and he loves it. He said that it is so comfortable and the cushy support is excellent, something jelly that makes his running and walking feels so comfortable. He is wearing it most days of the week. Nike always surpass my expectation.
Nike got it right with this pair of sleek styled running shoes. A shoe that runs a little smaller than your normal size so order a half size up and you will be happy with the fit. The Nike+ is an added bonus to an already perfect shoe. This shoe is a return to Nike comfort and style that launched them to the top of the market and at a great price.
I have a heel spur and my Podiatrist suggested that I get any Nike Air Max sneaker. I bought these because of the good reviews. Purchased the neon pink color because they were the cheapest, and I work out indoors so not worried about the white getting dirty. Overall, these have to be the most comfortable pair of Nike's I've ever owned. They run true to size, so even if you wear orthotics like me, stick with your normal size. I wear a 7 in shoes, 7.5 in sneakers and the 7.5 is perfect. The toe bed/sides are fabric and really soft, which is great if you have bunion problems. All in all, if you have any sort of heel spur problems or plantar fasciitis, these sneakers are perfect. Thinking of buying another pair in black.
I love these shoes! They are so comfortable, and there are no places that rub or cause irritation even though they feel a bit tight over the toe box but the mesh stretches while you move. They run a bit long but my toes do not hit the front of the shoes during running and I was able to order my usual dress shoe size instead of going up a size as I have had to do on my last couple of Nike pairs (meant I could wear them right away instead of returning them and waiting for my exchange to arrive - I tried them on in a store first before ordering online). The cushioning is great, like walking on pillows. They are supportive although I added an insert for arch support due to plantar fasciitis from previous shoes. The colors are great! They are very expensive but at least I got them on sale. I assume they will be cold to run in other seasons but I will enjoy them during the warmer months while they last.
This is a great pair of running shoes. I usually wear a size 9 or 9.5. I read the description of this shoe on another big store website and it said that the shoe runs small and you should order a half size up. So I went by that and ordered a 9.5. It ended up being way too big and I had to return it for a 9. The 9 was perfect and gave me the little bit of breathing room as well.
I run an average of 2 miles  and this shoe is great for outdoor as well as indoor runs. The cushion in this shoe gives great arch support. I use this shoe when I do other training as well and it is very comfortable. The material is light and breathes. In addition to all the functional pluses, it also looks great. I've got many compliments for it.
I was looking for a new marathon running shoe to replace the air max moto that I have been running in for years, but I wasn't happy with the redesign of the moto. This shoe would be good for regular cardio workouts, but not distance running as the rubber on the bottom of the sole is really hard and I did not like the tongue of the shoe. However, the inside of the shoe is very comfortable and sock-like. Nike runs small, so I always order a full size larger, but in these just a half size up from my regular size would have fit perfectly.
