Superga 2750 COTU Classic
I took these sneakers on vacation to Europe - walked all around, very comfortable. A little big, but think a size smaller would have been too tight.
Love these shoes. So so so comfortable. Great for walking around town. I have pretty narrow feet so I have to pull the laces tight but can still slip them on and off, I got a 39 and I'm a size 8. If you want them to fit snugly I'd recommend going down a size.
Love my new Supergas. They are very comfortable. I did have to go down a 1/2 size from what I normally wear.

These shoes are super sporty. I wear them sockless with shorts. I have not tried them with pants yet, but they are a solid combination with shorts. For sure get half a size smaller. I got an 11 and without socks they are clunky. But half a size smaller and they are perfect. You will get lots of compliments as I do. I have the navy and grey. I love them
Really disappointed that I had to send these back. I wear a size 12/13 depending on brand. A 13 felt tight around my foot, my 3 left toes were pushing up against the wall of the shoe. I will have to find a wider shoe.
Super cute shoe that is a great alternative to Converse. I got these in navy blue. I originally purchased a size 39 since I'm between a 7.5 and an 8, but am more of an 8. The 39 turned out to be too big so I ended up getting a 38 instead. This size definitely fits much better, but I don't think I can wear these comfortably with socks. 
I really love these sneakers -- they look great and wash well and have become my go-to shoe for summer, so much so that I now have them in three colors. I find they run true to size although wide. Not much -- okay, not any arch support, but still comfortable for strolling. You might want to go back to your running shoes if you're going to be walking all day, but for in and out of the car or a stroll through town or errands they are great.
I really tried to love these shoes. I purchased two sizes and neither fit. One was too narrow and the other too big overall. Regardless of fit, for me, a lining (like they do in other styles) would be better.
Really cute. Saw a similar pair in Vogue - for $300. So, this came close. Get .5 size smaller for right fit.
I loved the look of these, but they're short and narrow. I wear a 9.5 or 10, and I ordered the W because I'm always sort of borderline between M and W. They were too tight, with no stretch. I didn't try another size because they also didn't have a lot of give--just a big fat flat inflexible sole.
I am very conflicted about these sneakers (I got them in white, navy, and black). They look great! They are the most attractive little sneakers I have ever seen. They make my feet look very petite. But the sizing is really odd. I am usually a 6½ but the Superga 6½ was not just big - it was enormous. My feet was swimming in them. So I ordered a size 6. The size 6 works (sort of) but it runs small and much more narrow. So I have the sensation that the tip of my toe is almost touching the end of the shoe (not quite but almost too close for comfort) and the sides of the shoe barely graze my little toe. I was so confused about the sizing that I called the new Superga store in New York City to ask them about it and they told me that because the sneaker is in a unisex size, it runs differently than what I am used to. But that makes little sense to me. Why would the 6½ feel like a 7½ and yet the 6 is inching towards a 5½, and significantly more narrow?
Contrary to all other reviews I found this shoe to run small, I needed to size up. But it is a gorgeous shoe and is much "sexier" than other similar design shoes.
I love the bright green color. They run a little large, but don't know if it comes in half sizes.i will keep them for the summer.
Very comfortable. I was worried about size, because some reviews said they were too big. Maybe, I could have gone done a half size. I found the size roomy, not tight and not too loose. I will be ordering a second pair in off white. Lots of compliments.
They definitely run big. I'm normally a size 6, but ended up purchasing and wearing a size 5. They were not immediately comfortable as they felt a bit wide, but after 1-2 wearings, they were fine. Now, after a few weeks of wear, they are my go to summer sneakers. I love them, great style!
