Five Ten Freerider
I initially ordered a half size up from my normal size, found them to be too small. I returned them for the next half size up and they were still too small. The toe box is quite narrow and there really isn't any support in these shoes. The second pair is going back and I'm not going to try again with these. Too bad because visually, they're exactly what I was looking for!
The intent of my purchase was to get a soft soled shoe to stick well with platform pedals. I was directed to these among others buy 5-10's online support (try them, they're very fast to reply and very helpful at least to a beginner like me). I've had these out only 5-10 times now but I'm hooked. I can't talk to the wear that others have expressed concerns on but they do stick! For those not ready to hit that 6" bridge on the trail with clipless yet, these are worth looking at. Comfort is moderate only because they have to be stiff for pedaling and likewise with arch support so don't take that as a negative. I'd gripe about energy loss to the pedal if they weren't stiff. Some have mentioned shoe size for 5-10s run large but for Freeriders I concur with the other reviews of this line that they are true to size. I'm a newbie to MTB but for what it's worth, I really like these shoes!
I've always used clipless pedals, but now am getting more into free ride stuff so I switched to flats. I tried wearing Vans at first but my feet kept slipping off the pedals at inopportune times. The Five Ten Freeriders are amazing. I actually got a little freaked out by how grippy they were. I feel almost like I'm clipped in. Can't say how durable they are as I've only had mine two months, but they do well even when wet and muddy. I'm a women's size 7.5/8 so I ordered the men's size 6 and they fit perfectly. Not the most comfortable for casual wear (though they look cool!) because of the stiff sole, but excellent for biking.
Great shoes! Very comfortable, slight break-in period. I purchased them for my bicycle commute and they have been perfect. True to size. Highly recommended.
Great shoe!  A bit tighter in the toebox than the fiveten Karver. Next time I probably would order a 1/2 size larger but all is well for now.  This shoe does the job for tooling around town on my Swobo. This shoe provides the extra sticky foot power for stopping and has more stiffness than my vans can provide for pedalling.  Zappo did it again for providing fast, efficient service.  Thanks.
I own and love the Five Ten Impact low shoes for Mountain Biking and BMX. When I saw these shoes with no reviews, I was a little unsure about them, but ordered them anyways. The Freeriders are awesome. They are like a cross between the Impact and a skate shoe, they have advantages from both. They have a nice stiff sole, bomber construction, nice sticky tread, but have a kind of street styling and don’t mark up the floors in your house like the impact. The sole isn’t so stiff that you can’t feel anything, it’s a good compromise between feeling and stiffness for biking. I’ve been using them for BMX racing and cruising around on any bike. I have no complaints. Fit is true. I wear a 12, I feel that other brands usually don’t have a true fit as the larger sizes and I end up with a 13 sometimes. I would use these for mountain biking, too.
