Sperry Top-Sider Women's Bahama
I love my Sperry's! They are true to size and very comfy! So many fun colors and designs, you can't go wrong!!!
I learned the hard way that you have to take the insoles out of these in order for them to fit true to size. You give up arch support, but you gain overall comfort (as opposed to blisters and squished toes). These are super cute, and I love them! Just order a size up or remove the insoles.
I love this shoe!  Well all sperry shoes. I have size 7 wide feet and these fit perfectly and are very comfortable and go w any outfit!
Ordered the Navy/Chino and I love them!  This shoe will go with my denim, white or khaki shorts/pants. I am a solid 8.5 (regular width)and that's the size I ordered. They fit perfectly without a sock.  If you want to wear with a sock, order up a half size. I plan to wear without a sock but may use a thin sock liner so the 8.5 works fine for me. I am coming back for the other color as I think these are the perfect summer shoe.     
Love these Top-Siders! They have much more arch support and cushioning than the leather style. They're very comfortable. The color is great too--will go with everything. I wear a size 9 and they fit very true to size for me. Would highly recommend these if you're looking to join the Top-Sider craze but still want a shoe that's got some support and cushioning. Enjoy!
These are very cute shoes that look great with capris or rolled up jeans. They fit true to size and are fairly comfortable. I had no problem with the fit of the shoes until I spent an entire day in them walking around a horse show, and then I developed a few blisters on my heels. I suppose that could happen with just about any shoe worn without socks, so that doesn't alter my opinion that these are great shoes.
I own a leather pair of this style and knew how absolutely comfy they are so I ordered this canvas pair.  I love the colors!  I usually wear a size 6 but these run a little larger so the 5 1/2 fit perfectly. These are definitely keepers. 
Great shoes and excellent service. I wasn't sure whether I wanted these shoes in this beige color or black so I ordered them both. I chose this color because it goes with everything! These shoes are true to size. I am a 6 1/2 for all my running shoes, heels, and flip flops and I was a 6 1/2 for these Sperrys too. They are super comfy and keep my toes warm even during these fall days.
I love this shoe, comfy and casual. Be advised, however, I found they run a little larger than the marked size. I had to return the first pair for a half size smaller. If you're debating what size to get, go smaller.
