Keds Champion Basic Slip-On
These did not fit true to size and I need to return them. I own lots of Keds, but for some reason they slipped off of my heel.
In most shoes, I usually wear an 8.5, so based on the reviews, I ordered this in an 8. When it arrived, I realized how narrow this shoe really is. While the length was fine (consider ordering a half-size smaller than you would usually wear), the width was way too narrow, so I had to return it. It would be great if there was a wide width version!
I should have ordered the smaller size (5). They look great so I'm ordering the smaller size today. Thanks. Tim Hart, MD
I am a very consistent size 9.5, but my other pair of Keds is a size 9, so that's what I ordered here. I ended up needing a size 8.5 in this shoe, so I would say these run big. I love it, and it looks great with most things. It's wonderfully comfortable.
I love the leather Champion slip-on which comes in Narrow width but is only available in white, so I thought I'd try the canvas version in black as a casual summer shoe. Doesn't work for my narrow flat feet. The B width is much too wide (though I suppose it would work for a true B). It also seems long for its marked size. And it has zero arch support while the leather one has moderate support. I walk out of them with every step, even with socks (and who wants to wear socks with canvas shoes in August?). Too bad -- they are a great basic style. The mystery questions: why does Keds not make these in Narrows, and why do they make the leather version only in white?
Hard to find - 
A woman's black Vans style with a black sole is hard to find, so I tried this one. I ordered an 8.5 at first, which is the size I usually order because I have a wide foot (bunion). It was ok in the width but a little loose in the back. I gave it to my mom, whose foot is a little longer than mine and ordered the 8. It fit perfect at first but after a long day on my feet, the stiff new canvas rubbed on the bunion. So, I wore socks the next few times to get them broken in. They look marvelous! 
