inov-8 Roclite™ 400 GORE-TEX®
This is my 3rd pair of Inov8 shoes but my first hiking boot and I am very impressed. For me they seem to run a little big, so I ordered a 1/2 size smaller than I normally wear and they fit perfect. As a Gore-Tex, I know this is definitely a boot I won't worry about keeping my feet dry while in the back country. They are extremely light and don't need any long term break in periods.
The best! Having hiked over 1000 miles of AT in these boots, and hundreds more miles in other shoes I can claim them as my favorite footwear. Super light, very grippy, and very comfortable day after day for thru-hiking. Kind of wish they would make a more breathable, non Gore-Tex, version that would be better for summer, But the fit, weight, grip and comfort make it worth slightly sweatier feet. Seem to run large, I get mine .5-1 size smaller than most of my shoes. This is the best boot you can get, the Ferrari of footwear!
I formerly wore size 8.5 EE in the NB 977 but found the 978s too tight so turned to the Inov-8 Roclite 400, size 6.5D, in man's. They were a bit loose lengthwise [but not so loose that I wanted to size down]. They are very comfortable given the wide toe box. I've inserted green Superfeet insoles in place of the insoles provided. With moderately high arches, I was hoping that, in addition to taking up the extra space, the Superfeet would support my arches slightly better. You really do feel the ground in the insoles provided. Now they are very snug. I'm hoping that will change with break in. If you don't need/want insoles, feeling the ground may be a little intimidating. My alternate solution will be double and thicker socks if the boots don't loosen a little. I do love how lightweight they are. They are marketed as waterproof, a requirement in my mind since I'm thinking of hiking the OR PCT. So far, my only test of waterproofness has been hosing them down and my feet stayed dry during the brief shower. The only con that I would list right now is that they are a bit hard to get on since the heel fabric is not very stiff.
Loving my inov-8 Roclite like the name implies light. Roomy through the toes! I ordered these hikers 1/2 size smaller. I wear a US size 11 and these are a US Size 10 1/2. I found no break in time, a bit thicker sock, put them on and go! I haven't had them long enough to let you know the durability of the shoe! Enjoy these dry lightweight hikers that look nice enough to go out to dinner in.
I took these hiking in Iceland recently. Good grip, waterproof, and the lightness is a bonus. Maybe due to the sharp rocks, but the rubber over the top of the toe is already peeling off somewhat, so I question their long term durability. They also feel a bit large for the size, but with thick socks and maybe some insoles this could be kept in check. Also these look sharper than typical hiking boots. That doesn't matter on the trail but with jeans walking around town it's nice to have something that isn't too tourist-dorky.
Very nice boots. Light weight and comfortable. They do seem to run a little small. I had to return my original order to get one size larger.
Great lightweight Gore-Tex boot. Volume and size are larger than labeled. My equivalent is size 8.5 in Salomon boots and Asics running shoes vs size 8 in the Inov8. It fits right on at the heel and wide at the toebox with lots of vertical volume. Inov8 recommends you fine tune this with an insert if needed. I adjust them by changing the thickness of the socks I wear. If you are looking for a pair of boots that allow you to run and climb this is perfect. If you are looking for something to sidestep hills with for miles, I would go for something with more ankle support. Hope this helps! I'm calling this a "lightweight, light support boot."
Great lightweight Gore-Tex boot. Volume and size are larger than labeled. My equivalent is size 8.5 in Salomon boots and Asics running shoes vs size 8 in the Inov8. It fits right on at the heel and wide at the toebox with lots of vertical volume. Inov8 recommends you fine tune this with an insert if needed. I adjust them by changing the thickness of the socks I wear. If you are looking for a pair of boots that allow you to run and climb this is perfect. If you are looking for something to sidestep hills with for miles, I would go for something with more ankle support. Hope this helps! I'm calling this a "lightweight, light support boot."
