Salomon XR Mission W
I ordered a size 9 and a size 9.5 but received a size 8 and 9. I am happy with the size 9 and am keeping them. I am returning the size 8 and hope that there is no problem since the shipping information indicates that it is a size 9.5.
This is my second order of the same shoe design. I'm a size 6 and had ordered a 5 as I read reviews that they ran a size big. Size 5 was a bit tight and 5.5 was perfect for me. However, the color purple/gray which I liked was not available in the 5.5. So, I ordered the green one. It's a very bright neon green, I think people will see me from a mile. May have to return. 4 stars because of the color.
I have long, narrow feet and am frequently frustrated trying to find shoes. Fortunately, the Salomon XR Mission W runs long, so...success! The quick laces work great, making for quick adjustments as I start exercising. I wish there was a less colorful option in my size, but bright purple is fun. 
My feet love these shoes except that I wear a regular 6. However, I read the reviews and they always recommended 1 size smaller. The 5 was just too perfect of a fit that the side of my right big toe hurts a bit when I'm up walking. So, I'm returning this pair and will get a half size bigger. Hope there will be a 5.5. The very purple description is more fuchsia than purple to me but I still like the color.
After years of suffering in other shoes, I will never ever go back! I am buying my second pair already. I love these shoes. I have a bunion on my right foot and as a result for the past year I was getting numbness in my toes from my Nike's and my Adidas shoes--I went to get my foot professionally sized, and was recommended to try this particular shoe because it has something called Sensi-Flex on the sides of the already-wide toe bed. Boy, what a difference this sensi-flex makes. For the first time in two years I was able to hike and walk 4 miles with no pain and no numbness! If you have foot issues, give these a try--I highly recommend.
I took these puppies out for a tame trail run and liked the wide toe box. The quick lacing system is a great thing and a strong selling point for all Salomons. The feel very light for a trail shoe (especially when compared to my others). I bought a half size bigger and probably didn't need to but I like the down hills and the extra room keeps my toes from hitting the end. I like my shoes roomy and these felt roomy. You may not need to size up. It depends on your preference. I love the shoes and look forward to longer runs in them!  Love the look too!
I knew as soon as I put them on, I loved them. It is a great shoe, comfortable, lightweight and provides plenty of support on trail or road. For Salomon shoes I go by the EUR size. If you haven't bought Salomon's before, size down 1/2 size.
Awesome shoe. I'm walking, running and on trails....always order two sizes, just in case! The nine is a perfect fit and true to size!
I have a hard time finding shoes since I wear a size 12, normal width with a high arch. These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, and I like the colors. There was no break-in time with these. They instantly felt like they belonged on my feet the first time I put them on.  The cushion perfectly wrapped around my foot providing support just where its needed.  I've had these for about a month and log between 40-50 miles a week while hiking, running both outside and on the treadmill, and walking my dog everyday and so far they're holding up great.  I think I'll be ordering these shoes again and sticking with them for quite some time.
