PUMA Zandy Patent Wn's
I've been looking for a comfortable black flat (that won't fall apart after a season) and had high hopes for this one. Unfortunately the 11 it was just too small for my size 10.5/11 feet. Sad face. Have to send them back. 
I have bought many colors in the Puma Zandy and love this shoe but for some reason this style, a year after buying my first pair, runs a half size small? I wear an 8.5 and this one fits like an 8. But the 9 is way too big. The other colors are true to size. Can't seem to figure it out unless I keep getting shipped the one pair of shoes that was mislabled? It's possible I suppose.
These shoes are fantastic. I cannot usually wear a flat shoe and I can wear these shoes all day. They are very very comfortable. I like them so very much that this is my second pair in a second color choice. I can understand why some reviewers say they run somewhat small. I own them in my normal size and find they do stretch enough to make them perfect. For me, one size larger was way too big. If you are looking for a very comfortable and stylish flat, give these Puma Zandy shoes a try.
These look nice and comfortable. However, they run small. I will exchanging them for a larger size.
Love these shoes!  I pulled them out of the box, put them on, and wore them the rest of the day.  I ordered the black patent in my regular size and they are a keeper!  These will look great with yoga pants, capris, and jeans and be perfect for everything from running errands to going to my kids' sporting events.  Great purchase, well worth the price.  Already checking out the other Puma styles - great casual shoes that take me everywhere, and I don't have to wreck my leather flats on the baseball field anymore.  
I'm very picky about my shoes, and I need to dress up / look nice every day for work and be on my feet a lot. These are, hands down, the best shoes I have ever owned. I absolutely love them and would recommend them to anyone. Cute enough to wear with a dressy outfit, but casual enough to wear every day. I really wish Puma were making them in more colors, I would buy them all.

After several months of wearing them seemingly nonstop, they are a little, well, smelly. I don't ever wear socks with them. So I just threw them in the washing machine today, and they came out just fine!  

About the size - I'm usually between an 8 and an 8.5, so I went with an 8.5. they're perfect!
A+
I've heard great things about how comfy these shoes are.  Alas, they are too small. I usually wear a 5.5 and ordered a size 6. Unfortunately, these will have to go back. Order one full size up and I think they will be very comfy!
These shoes are great! I wear them all day at work, where I stand for eight hours. They are a little roomy, but not enough to go down a half-size. Great buy.
I had been thinking about these for awhile, I really wanted a pair of black flats that I could wear casually that would be comfortable and also somewhat stylish. I live in NYC and walk a lot, and find that the soles of my shoes get worn out fast, so I thought these would do the trick. So far so good! I haven't been able to wear them for long periods of time yet, but I'm very happy with the look and fit. I'm thinking they might give me blisters at my heels, but I'd say most shoes do that to me and all I have to do is wear them a couple times and they are fine so I plan to give these ones a chance. I'm a true size 7, and these fit me in a size 7 perfectly and think they'll probably stretch slightly over time. I'd urge you to get them if you're thinking about it!
These fit perfect in my regular size. I wore them for about 3 hours right out of the box with no problems. I was worried about the back heel and I think that it might have caused problems if I tried a ton of walking on the first day, but who does that? A couple of wearings and I think they could go easily all day. They are adorable and more comfortable than most flats. I'm going back for another pair.
These run true to size, almost too true. They are cute for spring or summer. I do not envision socks with these. They are very comfortable. Enjoy them!
Very comfortable. True to size. Wore them on the plane and even walked all over the city on my recent vacation. Perfect!

