Nike Flex 2012 Run
I bought these in the "Soar/Deep Royal Blue/White" colorway because I wanted a pair of blue and white shoes for walking around. They're probably completely underwhelmed by my use because they're intended as running shoes. Just about perfectly comfortable right out the box and they get better with time! They have the typical Nike/Asics sizing, you'll require size 14 if you are comfortable with a size 13 in Chucks.
Great shoe, very comfortable and light. Colors not over the top and look great in person. I have yet to run over one hour in the shoe, but believe it would be comfortable during longer runs. The shoe size is typical of the Nike brand and runs about a half size small. I have narrow feet and these are the perfect width.
These shoes are super cute and very comfortable.  I get tons of compliments on them, and I like that they brighten up my generally drab workout attire (black and grey!) I did order a half size up and find them to fit perfectly, but I am pregnant so that is why I did that. 
These shoes are amazingly comfortable. The fit is true to size and they are the lightest most comfortable shoes right out of the box. Love them!
I love the color of these shoes, but the fit just isn't quite right.  They seem a little too narrow in the toe box and put pressure on my pinky toe.  After an hour of wearing them around the house, my pinky toe was throbbing and it would have definitely given me a blister.  I tried a half size larger, but that just made the shoes longer rather than wider.  The arch support is also pretty prominent.  I'm not sure how that would feel after a full day of wearing them.  Could be a perfect shoe on someone with narrow feet.
I have big feet and usually have to purchase men's athletic shoes since I can never find shoes in my size. I was excited to find a pair of women's shoes that were cute and comfortable. I have yet to get blisters and I love these shoes and have gotten many compliments when wearing them. 
Bought these for my daughter who absolutely loves them for work and gets many compliments.  True to size, they fit perfectly!
