ASICS GEL-Kayano® 18
This is an outstanding shoe from fit to comfort, especially with the "superfeet" inserts, which really addresses my flat feet issues. I did order 1/2 size up from my shoe size, as in most athletic shoes. Very well made and an excellent look.
Saw these shoes on a guy on the plane to Cabo and had to have a pair. they look incredible and are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever worn! Order one size larger than regular shoe size. I wear a size 10 shoe and the size 11 fits like a champ!
Twice out of the four times I have bought GEL-Kyano shoes the shoe was a half-size to small.
Awesome shoe but I never know if I need an 11 or 11.5
These are the most comfortable shoes for walking that I have found. I am a female, 70 years old and have a wide foot so I ordered these shoes in my size for men. I am much happier with the Asics Gel than my New Balance shoes that I have been wearing for over 20 years! I walk daily and I cannot recommend these shoes enough.
Great shoe bought for the husband he tried it on at the store first true to size and he says it's super comfortable. Kayanos have become our run shoe.
Favorite running shoe ever! I loved this shoe from the moment I started running. Very supportive & well cushioned. I've already recommended it to friends/family! I would recommend sizing up 1/2 size from your usual running shoe size. I had to exchange for 1/2 size bigger.
I'm a lifelong Asics customer and usually wear a shoe from the 21xx series, but decided to look at some different options, since it was time to replace my shoes. These days, I generally run only short distances (3-4 miles) about 3 times/week. I've noticed recently that my pronation issues have increased along with my age and I wanted to see if the Kayano provided any additional support over the 2150/2160/2170 that I've worn forever. I really liked the shoe and felt the sizing was the same as the other Asics I tried (1/2 size larger than my street size) but for me, I felt there was too much of a good thing. This shoe made my feet feel enormous and clumsy, though I did feel the support was there. I decided to stick with my sure thing -- and purchased a pair of 2170 (which I love!).
I have been using Asics for years. Once I got properly fitted for the correct shoe, Asics have been a godsend. My knee problem even went away! I have several pairs for running, walking, exercising. I found I have to go a full size up. They are comfortable and you are good to go from the moment that you put them on.
These shoes are awesome. I take Bodyattack and Bodycombat and my feet were in so much pain, but these shoes have made all the difference - love them. I ordered a 1/2 size up, but I like extra room since feet swell when exercising.
These shoes are very comfortable and have great support.  I ordered them 1/2 size larger than my normal size, as suggested by other people, and they fit great! They live up to the ASICS reputation!  I would highly recommend these shoes.
I find these sneakers to be light, comfortable and airy. Since I wear a size 11, it's a pleasure to wear a pair of sneakers that is sufficiently feminine-not wide and clunky.This is the first pair of Asics I ever tried on. I couldn't be happier.
I purchased these shoes about a month ago and loved them from the first day.  I have wide feet and bunions, so I ordered 1/2 size larger and the wide.  I walk 3-4 miles a day and 7 miles on Saturdays and they feel great. I will buy them again, even though they are expensive.  You can't beat comfortable shoes!
I ordered lots of shoes as I am between sizes 12½ & 13N so I side by side compared a lot of Asics, Brooks and New Balance shoes. I am a very active 42 year old, am flat footed and overpronate with bad knees. I need support and have been on the fence about using my custom orthotics in any shoes anymore due to fit so been going without. This toe box is perfect as opposed to the the narrow, restricted pointed toe on the Asics GT-2170. Although the 2170 seemed to have more ball cushioning and perhaps more stability overall. This is my first pair of Asics. I walk between three and eight miles per day five days a week for work. My New Balance shoes finally wore out and my hips and legs began to ache and hurt so badly that I wondered if I was falling apart! Finally after multiple new insert attempts I had to retire them. I could not find sporty, sexy, New Balance shoes and I certainly did not want a repeat of the geriatric looking shoes that I retired. Besides, none of the New Balance shoes I tried fit correctly. If they were cushioned and supportive they were lead heavy and most were ugly. New Balance shoes varied widely on length and width between styles of the same size. That was very frustrating! I may just be an Asics convert if these keep performing and hold up. I wish the Kayano came in more fun colors/combinations of other Asics styles, especially darker colored mesh with the electric violet, purples and pink accents so they do not show dirt and scuffs like these will. I have the white and blue Kayanos as the other colors just did not suit me. It sucks how any brand of supportive shoes seem to be geared toward the elderly.
