Keen Presidio
These are very comfortable shoes. There's lots of room in the toe box...but I did have to size up a half size (like all my Keens). There's also plenty of depth to add my custom orthotic. While this is a sturdy shoe, there isn't as much arch support as I need.
These shoes are fantastic! I'm a nurse and spend all day on my feet. I've tried Danskos, Birkenstocks, Crocs, and just about any other shoe you'd associate with nursing. I'd come home every night with achy feet, legs, and back. I've always liked my Keen sandals and have been impressed by the roomy toe box, so I decided to give these a try. I work all day without any pain or fatigue, the toe box is roomy enough to accommodate my wide feet. Also, the fact that they're comfy and waterproof make them perfect for nursing. These really are a miracle. After reading other's comment's about sizing up, I upsized a half size from the size of my Keen sandals and they fit perfectly. I will definitely be buying these in brown and red too!
I really wanted to like these shoes. They looked great, but felt awful. I usually wear a size 6.5 but had to order a 7 to even come close to fitting. My toes were still squished in a 7. I considered getting a 7.5, but the overall fit wasn't great either. The shoes made my feet ache and kept rubbing against my ankles. Sad to return these.
I've been buying this same shoe for 5 years now, and have always loved the fit - wide in the toe box, narrower in the heel. However, it seems that the sizing has changed recently - I always bought a half size larger than normal, but now that is too big, so I had to buy down a half size from what I used to get to find the correct fit. Still love the shoe.
I wanted some comfortable, water resistant shoes for walking around in Europe, and after doing a lot of research decided on these shoes. I usually wear a size 9 in dress shoes and size 10 in running shoes, and for these shoes a 9 1/2 fit me perfectly. They are not the cutest shoes in the world but they were extremely comfortable right from the start, except for one thing; they were a little too high in the back and rubbed the backs of my ankles. I solved the problem by wearing a heel lift and taller socks. I walked 4-6 miles a day in Europe for 2 weeks and didn't have any other problems! The inserts that came in the shoes were very comfortable and had great arch support (almost as good as my custom orthotics) but I opted to wear my orthotics because of my foot issues. The best thing about these shoes was that they were wide enough for my very wide feet. Overall, I was very happy with this purchase!
The Presidio is perfect; size-fit, width, color and I'd love to buy another pair, but the laces on this are already frayed and they're color co-ordinated to the shoe so I'm concerned about my ability to ever match the original laces.
This is a great shoe, but runs about a 1/2 size small. I likes the red color and weight of the shoe. Regretfully I must return it. 
I tend to wear things like sambas and chucks, but I started working in a biz casual office again and needed a pair of black and brown shoes. I purchased Ecco boots for my black shoes, and these for my brown shoes to wear with khakis and the like. While a previous (bought 10+ years ago) pair of Eccos I'd owned were the most comfortable pair of shoes...moreso than my sneakers - I found my new keens to be far superior to the old and new Eccos I'd owned! I normally wear an 8 and found a size 9 to fit perfectly. I actually have fairly narrow feet, esp my heel which makes dress shoes difficult because I walk out of the heel all the time. Despite reviews of them being wide, my heels are snug and my toes are roomy but the shoe doesn't feel wide at all. I love the insole which has lots of arch support, esp compared to chucks etc. ;) and has grooves along the toe area to promote gripping I assume? these have been super comfy right out of the box, I just stepped on the heel a bit before I wore them which I do to pretty much all my shoes, and often much much more with my sneakers! the fabric is amazing, super butter soft inner, and I suspect the dark brown color I chose will only improve as they age and get scuffed and worn. :)
Love these shoes! It does however take a few weeks to break them in. The back lip rubs the back of your foot little till it softens up. But after they do there great. I also am between a size 9 1/2 & 10. I know that's crazy but I always get a 10 to give me extra room if I wear thick socks. I'm a waitress and am on my feet all day. I have no problem with all day wear! I love Keen's I've never had a bad pair & I've had at least 5 different pairs!
