Sanuk Kyoto
Let me just say 5 stars for the Sanuk Kyoto loafer/sandal. Unlike their sandals that generally run a full size smaller, this loafer/sandal is true to size. Keep in mind this is a sandal, so it felt true to size barefoot, if you plan on wearing socks with these, you may want to consider a full size larger, it will be a compromise of whether you decide to wear them barefoot or with socks, and what size to get. The styling is great and the comfort is awesome! So far I have been completely satisfied with both of my Sanuk products, comfort can't be beat and styling is good too!
These shoes are light as a feather and very comfortable. Feet do sweat more in these than my Sperry boat shoes in real hot weather. Normally take size 11 - ordered size 12 and they fit fine.
I wear 11 and when I got my Sanuks in the mail and tried them on felt a little small. I called my friend who also had a pair (he wears 10.5 but settled on the 10, since Sanuks only come in whole sizes) and he said that they would stretch out. He has 2 pair. I love them so far and can't wait to break them in. Look and feel great.
These are very comfortable shoes though I went with a lot of the suggestions to order a size up which I am not sure about. I normally wear a 10.5 and so I ordered the size 11 which I feel are a bit too big. Also one complaint I do have, if you have pets in the house the bottoms of these shoes will grab up every single hair they come across and the hair sticks to the sole like glue, I literally have to peel dog hair off the bottom of these things. I am, however, pleased with the comfort and look of these and will probably order more.
Just got a pair of Kyotos, really satisfied, ordered on a Monday, at my door Wednesday, well done! Okay, so I think Sanuk fixed their sizing problem; I have one other pair which are now discontinued - they are desert camo, with a different, more substantial hiking-like sole. Cool shoes and they fit great too, but I think Sanuk used to run small. At the time when I got those (probably 2 years ago), I remember having to get an 11, when I always wear a men's 10. Based on recent customer reviews here and on several other sites, the newer Sanuks seem to be more true to size and I can directly testify to this. My size 10 Kyotos came out of the box fitting snug but comfy, and after about 30 minutes of wear they couldn't be more comfortable. If I'm not by a pool or beach, I wear short socks with Sanuks, and even on the brand new ones there's plenty of room for socks; or not, either way. I don't have a half-size foot, so don't know if there have been problems with these shoes with people who do, since Sanuk only makes full sizes. For that I'd just suggest just getting a size larger. I like that this model and the Chibas seem more substantially made; with the padding around the ankle and the inner lining, makes them even more comfy. Personally I'll probably only choose these two models for future purchases. Just get some.
These are great! Have the comfort of a shoe but the feel of a sandal. The style looks great with shorts or with jeans. I bought one size down from my regular shoe size and they fit perfectly. This is my 3rd of many to come purchases of Sanuk products!
I just got these and I love them!  I usually wear a 10.5 and since they don't offer half sizes, I went with the 11.  I'm glad I did because it's a perfect fit.  
