Merrell Barefoot Sonic Glove
My husband loves these. He is in the military and is always on the go and keeping fit and these have definitely kept up with his life style. They felt true to size and were very comfortable and he said they offered him excellent support!
Having purchased this pair of shoes a couple of weeks ago for hiking, I am simply in love with them. They are one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever purchased. However, they do run around a half-size too large! I usually wear a 10.5 and I wear a 10 in these. They are stylish enough to wear going out, and well made enough to hike and free-run in. The 125 dollar price tag, which had me apprehensive at first, has been well worth it.
This is a decent shoe, but it didn't fit me quite right in the heel. 
I ended up going with the Merrell Barefoot True Glove, which was more comfortable, easier to lace, and has more breath-ability. They're a little on the small side for the same size as well. There's nominal arch support.

Since the woman's sizes didn't have widths wide enough, I bought a medium width in a men's shoe (with customer service help to choose size). The size fits perfect. I have them on right now. My requirements were lightweight and comfortable. They have a wide toe box which I need because of bunions. I walk 3-4 miles a day and the arch support seems like it is good enough for that. A plus is they are water repellent as well.
I wear an 11½ Tough Glove, but an 11½ Sonic Glove is too tight. Do yourself a huge favor and consider going up half a size.
The shoes look and feel great, but the toe box is a little too wide, and the shoe is too long overall. I ordered my sonic gloves a full size smaller than what I usually wear and they were still extremely long. These shoes are built for people with very long, narrow feet. Other than the sizing issues, these shoes are great for just about anything, whether it be a long run or just a casual summer day.
Frustrated or claustrophobic in standard running shoes? Missing/need good ground feel? Worried about separated toes on technical trail? Ditto. As a fully transitioned minimalist/barefoot ultra runner the search for a trail shoe to fit those needs lead me to the Sonic Glove by Merrell. Right out of the box I quickly fell in love with these shoes. In fact my 2nd run in them was over 20miles. Now with over 100miles on them I can honestly say they are phenomenal! Here are a few of my favorite features & why: Zero Drop. Not much to add here as it speaks for itself, but kudos to Merrell for getting this right while so many others trying to join the minimalist market have neglected to. Flexibility. If you're used to VFFs these will feel a bit on the thick side at first. That said, you can easily curl the shoe from toe to heel & twist it side to side. It's that flexible. The ground feel is great for a shoe that's capable of protecting you from those nasty roots & rocks. The closed mesh (#1 reason to spend the extra money on this model). It keeps the grit and moisture out while maintaining breathability. I've comfortably run in 95F with high humidity. The lacing system. It connects beautifully with the tongue of the shoe via loops. This is how the shoe is able to hug your arch (much like VFFs in the midfoot) and as a result keeps your foot in place giving it that glove-like feel. The only con that I can note is heel rub by the achilles that can cause some blistering. Given how many things these shoes do absolutely right, I feel that is a reasonable issue and one that is easily resolved by some athletic tape applied to the area before a run. One last thing, I opted to go with the men's version since I have wide feet & wasn't sure if Merrell designed the shoe slightly differently in the women's model like they did with the Pace Gloves. They fit true to size so ladies I suggest following the standard men-to-women's size conversion.
