Saucony Originals Jazz Low Pro
These are the best shoes ever for Jazzercise.  They are true to size, lightweight, stylish, and comfortable.
Love them! They seem to run slightly large and I ordered down half a size and they fit perfectly! They're very comfortable and super cute!
Love these shoes!  I had initially bought in a 9.5 because that's the size I wear in Adidas and Nike, but they were too big.  I recommend going a half size smaller in these.
Adorable, comfortable and so worth the money! True to size as well!
Love these tennies! Super comfy, true to size, maybe just a titch bigger than standard 10, which is a plus for me. Good looking, well made, I will buy more in different colors. 
I love these shoes and have 4 pairs in different colors. I am a woman with extra wide feet, serious bunions and terrible hammer toes and Saucony doesn't make wide width for women, so I buy the men's size. The cloth uppers are awesome for my hammer toes and they are flexible and comfy for long walks (3-4 miles) around the lake. Besides, they make me look like the coolest, retro gramma on the block! Only wish I could wear them with a dress!
I was a little unsure about buying shoes online since there's more to getting a good fit than just a size number. But personal circumstances made mail order the best option right now. To be safe, I ordered two different models, this Saucony Jazz Low Pro and the New Balance M574, both in size 8, thinking that I would keep the one that fit best (or keep both if they fit equally well). 

This shoe had a lot going for  it. It is softer and cushier than the NB M574, and when I first slipped them on they felt like puffy clouds, but then I laced them up. The length of the shoe from heel to toe was perfect, a tiny bit better than the NB M574 in that regard. But the fit across the top of my foot was a bit too tight, even after loosening the laces as much as possible. Even so, a test walk back and forth across the living room wasn't bad, but compared to the M574 I felt less confident in my stride. I think that had something to do with the relatively flat "low profile" heel.

So I'm reluctantly returning these. If they had fit better across the top of my feet I would keep them, because otherwise they are pretty comfortable. However, the NB M574s are better suited to my needs.
Killer Kicks, for a killer price. The color on these sneaks is true to the picture, nice and bright. My average shoe size is 11. Other reviews suggested to go up a half or whole size. I got the 11.5 and they're a little too big. I should have stuck w the 11. But, I didn't send them back, and they're still OK to wear, no biggie. They are super comfortable, plush, and soft. Enjoy.
Wore my last pair quite regularly during every season in Wisconsin for over 3 years. Some stitching came out, the fabric on the inside of the heels wore out, some foamy padding eventually busted up, but nothing severe enough ever happened to affect their functionality. And other than their structure getting a bit soft, loose, and sloppy, they're still really comfy to wear. However, I'm very happy to have a brand new pair now -- it's like having your feet surrounding by stylish, snug-fitting pillows. Try on a few sizes to figure out your best fit. I normally wear a 12 or 12.5 in other shoes and boots, but I wear a 13 in these.
Shoes are awesome but a tad small (narrow) fitting for their size. Maybe go up a half or full size.
