Salomon XR Crossmax Guidance CS
I bought this shoe for road to trail to road. I have a loop of 24 miles that incorporates the former and have had a time with the transition and thought this might suffice as an acceptable shoe for that task. I have been using my Speedcross 2 and North Face Singletrack shoes, but the north face is not tough enough for the task on the on the ever so demanding rocky trail, and the aolomon Speedcross, although plush, is not really adept for the asphalt, or at least not 7 miles worth, but does extremely well in the woods. Unfortunately, the Salomon XR felt tight, stiff, and not that comfortable... it's very rigid. It's a lot like the Montrail Masochist I owned before them. The North Face Singletrack is much more of a transition shoe but would benefit from Gortex, but that is not an option, and they tear quite easily on sharp rocks. Sorry Salomon... the Speedcross 2 is far superior to the Crossmax and not even designed for transition. Also the shoe runs about a size too small and is narrow. The quick lace pocket is too small.
I purchased this shoe in May 2012 after wearing a Salomon hiking shoe for winter walks.  I over-pronate and have problems with both knees, so I have corrective orthotics.  I wore these shoes with and without my orthotics and decided they felt better without.  After two weeks I went on a month-long tour in Europe and these shoes were the ONLY pair of shoes I took on the trip.  I continued to wear them without orthotics until mid-August 2012, when I started to have a twinge of pain in one knee.  I took out the Salomon footbed, inserted my corrective orthotics and just completed a 6 mile run in the same shoes I have worn for walking all summer.  I do have Brooks running shoes, but I'm going to buy another pair of these Salomon's for walking or running.  I really can't believe how much wear I have put on them without any problems with my feet or knees.  I took my orthotics along to Europe, but never took them out of my bag...I am still in awe.  Some things I had to deal with:  these shoes were hot for summer, but with good socks...no blisters;  Salomon shoes run at least a half size large;  I like the lacing system, but the cords are too long and at least in this particular shoe it's hard to get the extra laces into the pocket.  I ended up just tucking the toggle into the laces.
