Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Core Hi
Bought these for my husband. He says they are comfortable and he wears a size 13. Bought the low cut for myself and they are true to size and very cute. Not for long distance walking. Not much arch support.
I'm a size 7.5 but 6.5 Wm in converse. The fit great, felt a little narrow at first but the loosened. I love wearing these so bright and pretty especially at night. Stand out shoes, totally recommend to everybody!
These Chucks were wonderful for our outdoor wedding. The guys wore khaki pants and the cream color hi tops and loved it! As with all Chucks, they run about half a size big, if you have regular width feet. My husband and his best man always stick with their normal shoe size because they have wide feet. 4 stars to comfort because, although an icon, this style is not much for support in the sole. Overall a great shoe for the price!
I had recently purchased these Chuck Taylor's a few weeks ago and let me tell ya boy: I love 'em! 11 1/2 is just the perfect size for me! These shoes are great to where casual but the main reason I bought them (as silly as this might sound) was for strength training. The flat, hard soles are perfect for weightlifting. But overall these are great shoes to own. Everybody should have a pair! They're stylish and comfortable. 5 star all the way!
I used to wear Converse in size 7.5 in China. Now I order a 7.5 but it runs half size larger. Maybe I could wear thick and warm socks in winter. Anyway it's great.
Always a shoe that can go with anything. Can take a good beating and last a long time. I wear a size 10-10.5 normally and could easily fit into a size 9! I recommend trying them on someplace before you order.
I bought these in a size 6 and I absolutely love them! They usually slip on fairly easily which makes me happy. The only thing about these is that since they're so white they can get dirty easily but that's pretty obvious. Who'd walk in the mud with these babies anyway?!
My daughter was so excited to get these! I'm glad I read the reviews as they tend to run about 1/2 size bigger thank your shoe size. Great shoes!
Love these shoes! Bought these two months ago, and I have been wearing them almost every day since. Look fantastic with my skinny jeans. Felt true to the size too.
I got these shoes for school and I must say they feel very comfortable. One thing you must remember is that when getting these always chose 1 ft lower than your actual size (I am size 10 but chose 9). Overall I'd say these are the best shoes I've bought in a long time!
