Onitsuka Tiger Kids by Asics Ultimate 81 (Toddler/Youth)
These are great shoes! They're lightweight and look very stylish on. Be warned that they run about a half size small, though! 
Good quality, very cute shoes. The size is about one while size off. My son wears size 1 in all other brands, but the one was far too tight.
These shoes are truly adorable. I bought these for my 5 year old but have to return them since they are too small. He now wears a size 11 in shoes but these seem to run a full size smaller. He said they were too tight and his toes felt cramped. Great style though!
I absolutely loved these shoes, they were just too narrow for my son. I even went up a size and he cried when I put them on. So sad, I had to return them. These would be great if you have a narrow foot child.
These sneakers definitely run small, so I ordered about one whole size up and they fit perfectly. They are comfortable, and great looking. 

I think this shoe is so cute and it looked good on too. My 8 year old son didn't like it as much as I did so it's going back. It does run small, about 1/2-1 size small. I would also say it is a bit more narrow than other athletic shoes.
These sneakers make me so happy. I love the throw-back style and they look great on my 6-year old son. The color selection was great (we got burgundy/red) and they even came with extra laces in a coordinating color! They run a bit small...he measures a true 1 and these are a size 2 1/2. But that's the same size difference with Adidas and Puma we've found.
I love these shoes! My son is 6.5 years old and looks completely adorable in these. The do run a little small and narrow. I sized up. The shoe laces are nice and long and easy to tie. They also come with an extra set of dark blue laces. These are a must have for the trend setters. He gets compliments all the time.
I bought these for my 7 year old son who is a size 2. Bought these in a 2.5 because I heard that they run small, and it was perfect. I love the retro feel of these sneakers and my son loves them because he thinks he runs faster in them and they are comfortable.
The shoes look awesome, but they run a little small. I had to go up a size so they could fit my son. 
