New Balance MW950
These shoes began to rub the top of my foot from the first time I wore them. After three weeks of attempted break in, I tried moleskin as well as various socks, but it didn't help. The size is the same as I have had for 20 years and has been very comfortable with other New Balance models. It must be the leather tops that perhaps are not providing a flexible bend. 
I donated the shoes to a clothing charity.
Overall, a good shoe. The width comments are true: I've always worn standard size but got wide, and they feel normal. Size feels normal (10.5 Nike, Reebok, NB). The leather is less shiny and grainier than the pictures here. The laces feel cheap and hard. After breaking them in, the shoes soles are approaching sneaker softness. Cushioning is okay.
This is a very comfortable shoe. I have a neuroma of the foot and this helped. I used Birkenstocks and Mephisto shoes, and this one works the best. My foot does not hurt much anymore. I would recommend getting one size wider than you normally wear.

Medium width was way too narrow - something I've never encountered before. But once I returned and ordered the Wide size they fit perfect. This shoe is extremely comfortable to wear!

The only shoes I buy are New Balance sneakers in size 8 and width 4E. They normally break in within a day and I wear a black pair as dress shoes.
I bought this shoe for work when I couldn't find the right NB sneakers, primarily because they were NB and I expected them to fit my wide feet. They look good and have good support, but they do not feel like 4E. They feel about a half size smaller.
The left shoe now feels like its stretched large enough to accommodate my foot, but not like it actually fits after a normal break in.
If width is a problem for you, I would recommend either choosing another style or buying this shoe a bit wider than you normally wear. I'm already at the 4E size so I'll switch styles, but only because of the width.
I purchased these for my hard working man who walks all day, NYC blocks, stairs, runs for trains, meetings, elevators. He liked these the first day he wore them. There is no break-in period necessary. They look great and easily pass for corporate casual. True to size and width. The EE gave him the skosh more room he needed. Once found and liked, I bought him a 2nd pair! They will both last twice as long with alternating.
