Nike Air Pegasus+ 28
I tried these based on a recommendation at a large footwear store here in Austin after finding the size 17 Nike Free 3.0s were still too narrow. Boy, am I glad I did. These are probably the second most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, behind my original Nike Free Run's back in 2005. They're much lighter than my older New Balances. They feel almost as light as the Free Runs, but there is extra support built in. I definitely recommend these if you're looking for something light, but still supportive, and may have a wider foot than most.
I was looking for shoes to wear as I go through the Insanity program. I am also a 5k runner and wanted them for that purpose as well. Shoes did the job for me. Maybe a little roomier in the toe box than I would prefer (although I would say they are true to size), but does an adequate job supporting the lateral movement in Insanity and a great job on my runs. Very satisfied.
Pegasus seems to be the best shoe for my running mechanics (I tend to supinate).  I found this out the hard way when I tried out a different brand last year.  The Pegasus has changed very little over the past 15 years, although I take a half size bigger than with any of my other shoes.  The color combination appears a bit striking in the photo, but the upper is grayer than it appears, and the yellow is less glaring.  I'm sure I'll be sticking with the Pegasus in the future. 
My husband has had at least seven pairs of these shoes, and a 9½ D was always perfect.  Now, they're too small.  We thought  at first that they were mislabeled, but the replacement pair was the same size.  I have no idea WHY Nike would change the sizing, but be aware of this when ordering.
If you're looking for good running shoe with excellent support and won't break the bank; the Pegasus+ 28 is it! My feet are normal in terms of arch, but are wide enough where it is not ideal for me to wear shoes like Puma where most of their sizes run narrow. The Pegasus+ 28 is true to fit, feels extremely comfortable, with all around cushion and support. They feel light and comfortable; not awkward like other shoes where you feel you have to "break them in" first. Happy feet = happy runner; this pair of shoes definitely make me a happy runner.
I have worn this shoe for over 20 years and always been pleased. This model is not the same. It was smaller (I've always worn a woman's 11 narrow, wear a size 9 shoe) and had plenty of room in the toe box. On this shoe, my toes hit the end of the shoe. The worst thing is that the entire bottom rubber peeled off in bits and pieces within a few months of purchase. These shoes generally last me for a good year putting in 4 to 6 miles per day. So disappointed! Not sure if I will take a chance on ordering again.
I have worn Air Pegasus for over 20 years. Started out wearing 8.5 B - I liked Nike because they ran narrow back then. Shoes became shorter and wider and I must now get AA width and my size went to 9, then 9.5 and last year a 10! Those were the purple version of these. Got these recently and wore them before I really figured out that they are too big so I will be giving them to my sister. I'm very frustrated with the lack of consistency and now they are not available in a 9.5 AA. By the way, I still wear an 8.5 in just about any other shoe.
I have only run in Nike Pegasus for the last 5 - 6 years. I used to battle with blisters and major discomfort. I even tried cutting away the back of the heel of my running shoes to stop blisters forming. A male triathlete friend recommended I try the Nike Pegasus running shoe and I have never looked back. I have a small, (UK size 4.5) but wide foot. I can buy a pair of Nike Pegasus and run a race the next day. I hope Nike don't ever stop making them or I don't know what I will do.
I never buy anything but Nike sneakers and these do not disappoint. Light, breathable and still supportive - I am thinking about buying a second pair. They run small as usual, so buy a half size up. Love the black laces!
Great shoe, and so attractive. Right out of the box comfortable, feel like you're walking on clouds. Runs at least 1/2 size small.
These were just what I was looking for! Lightweight workout shoes that were not too much of anything. These are definitely one of the better Nike running shoes that I have found. Sadly, the sizes are odd on Nike. Despite trying on another color in a store nearby, the sizes are not true at all times. I had to return them since they were pinching my feet, but overall they are good shoes - at least if you get the right size.
I had been researching shoes for a long time before making the decesion. I am glad I waited!! These shoes are wonderful. They fit great out of the box, I got them on sale, and they arrived fast. I have a wide size 11 foot. I have had knee surgery, and tend to have sore feet often. These shoes have been like walking on a cloud. I will continue to buy the Nike Air Pegasus.
When it came for me to buy a new pair of workout sneakers, I bought these. They are really cute, but my only concern is that my heel slips just a tiny bit on my right shoe.  It's kind of irritating, only because it could be because I should've bought a 6.5 instead of 7, but I always wear a size 7.  I have not tried on a 6.5, but the 7's will do and I've worn them several times.  Maybe 6.5 would've been too tight, but I'll never know. I can't return them now, so the 7's will be fine. 
Shoes were too short and a bit wide - had to return them.  Of course since they were on sale the next size wasn't available. Nike isn't as dependable as it used to be for people with narrow feet.
