Nike Kids Dart 9 (Toddler/Youth)
My daughter needed running shoes for school and this shoes is great. She is really hard on her shoes and they are wearing well and give her great support. I would order them a bit larger than you think as I had to return the first pair I ordered for the next size. 
I bought these shoes for my nine year old granddaughter. Thanks to an earlier review I bought a half size larger and had them shipped. She loved them, they were a perfect fit and they shipped for free. Can't ask for more than that!
Nikes always seem to run a full size too small on adult and kids shoes, but since we learned that 20 years ago, we're prepared for that & returns are not needed. My daughter has a new pair of these to hold her over until she sprouts even taller and she loves them. The price was great and quality a typical Nike quality. Very nice with the fun neon highlights that are trendy right now. A safe shoe with moderate arch support, durability, and tread. Not too heavy. No complaints now for the past month of daily wear. Not a peep. The only wish is that the shoe laces were the more durable cord-style rather than the flat cotton that gets dingy overnight and knotted easily. That's the only picky comment. We're not talking about the top of the line but we're talking about reasonable and just plain dependable. This is a third generation in our home wearing Nikes now and we've never had a single complaint. I am hoping to stock up by full sizes asap.
My seven year old daughter loves these sneakers. She has two pairs in different colors. They are true to size and comfortable for running.

My 6 year old daughter loves these. they are true to size, comfortable and look really cute on. I wasn't sure about the black color at first (but she insisted) but once she put them on they actually looked really cute, especially in the winter when she wears black leggings almost everyday.
In my 9-year-old's words, "These are the best sneakers I've had". Really! That's what she said. They have great traction for running on blacktop, dirt, grass, wherever. And because they look good, she just wears them just to wear them. From a parent's perspective, I can say they are holding up well and make the shoe choice of the day a little easier. (Order a 1/2 size up.)
These are great shoes. I bought them for my five year old son to start Kindergarten in. They run true to size and fit nicely. He loves them and wears them everyday and they still look new.
