Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Rotation 77™
Very nice looking shoe, felt true to size and doesn't make your feet look chunky as some shoes do. I have the black and red combination and I think it looks great. I've had these for a year now and they're still sturdy and going strong. This shoe looks good, but will make your feet hurt if you plan on walking the entire day. Other than that if you don't plan on walking a whole lot then it will make a great fashion statement.
Very cool and stylish shoe! Fit a little large, so I ordered a 1/2 size smaller.
Love the color, style and everything. I went to a local store that sells Onitsuka Tiger to find my size accurately, so I had no problems with it. They hurt a bit on my ankles the first two weeks, but now they're the most comfortable shoes ever.
They fit true to size! First day they are a bit noisy. But I walked all day around my house and the next day the noise disappeared. So it was not a problem. I love style! I am sure that my next shoes also will be from Onitsuka!
I purchased these shoes for my 9 year old son. They look great and he says they are very comfortable. They are perfect shoes for school, hanging out, and playing outside. The fit is true to size. He loves them!

This shoes is awesome although it really feels like it's half a size bigger. Arch support is OK, and the color is great. 

I love these shoes. They look very stylish with the mix of green and off-white leather on the shoe body, and brown suede that's on the toe. I've received some compliments on them. And while I've only had them for a month, they feel very durable. The heels were very stiff at first and I got a small blister, and my size felt a little tight, but they broke in nicely after about a week of wearing and are now super comfortable. Good casual-use sneakers for the fall and light winter weather.
I love the style, they feel great but a little large but I am really disappointed with the quality. This is my fifth pair of Asics in maybe the last two years and I've grown use to their impeccable quality but after receiving this pair I'm thoroughly let down. There are loose strands on one side of my right shoe, the gray material ends unevenly jagged all around the white "bill" area of the shoe. The bottom of the shoe has a similar jagged and crude cut to it that makes this shoe seem more like an imitation that a real Asics, and to top it off it is a full half size larger than every other pair of Asics I own. I'm not sure if this just a fluke shoe or if this indicative of a new lower quality standard for Asics, but I'm going to think twice before ordering another pair of shoe I used to love so much.
