Nike Air Max Moto+ 9
This model runs small and a little narrow.  I purchased the size I always wear in Nike, wore the shoes a few times and just can't wear them anymore.
I am really happy with these. I haven't had a pair of Nike running shoes in over 10 years - was loyal to Saucony but recently found the outsoles weren't holding up as well as in the past. This shoe is very comfortable - based on other reviews I sized up a half size and the fit was perfect. No break-in period - the shoe is curve lasted and feels like a Saucony - roomy toe box. Have had them over a month and they're holding up really well. I love them.
I am absolutely thrilled with these Nikes. I have been wearing Air Max Motos for years, but this is the first time in years that I can say that they did an excellent job with the sizing and design of this shoe. For the past several years I have had to keep going up in size because they kept making these sneakers narrower and smaller, but not this time. These sneakers are true to size, plenty of room in the toe box, no seams running up the toe box to dig into your toes when you run. Just all-around excellent comfort and shock absorption when you run. They are like the Nike Air Max Motos I remember from years ago, when they fit terrific and provided a comfortable ride. I would recommend them to any neutral gait runner who likes a great cushioned shoe. If you haven't worn these shoes in a while because you were not happy with the sizing, definitely give these a try. You will be very happy with this design.
I have been wearing the different versions of Nike Air Max Motos since 2008. I loved them. I could always order size 11 and it fit perfectly. This time I ordered size 11 and it was small. The toe box also felt more narrow. I returned them for 11.5 and still, just didn't feel right. Something changed with the 9 version and I am disappointed. I will be finding another shoe.
This is a very comfortable, attractive shoe. I ordered it a half size larger after reading the reviews, and the shoe fits just fine. I didn't need to break in the shoe at all; I wore it all day without any problems. Nikes tend to run narrow for me, but my regular wide width worked.  I received my order very quickly.
Great shoe for the price! So comfortable, fit is true to size, love the color and they got here fast!
This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn! I don't have to put any insoles into these shoes, the arch support is perfect for my foot, and that is very hard for me to find. The heel cradles your foot also, making it feel much more stable. I have just gotten my second pair! I love them! The service was wonderful, I had to return my first pair for a slightly larger size. The people were very nice and delivery was amazingly fast.

I have a very wide foot, and I find these shoes to be very comfortable in every way. The cushioning is very soft, and there is plenty of room in the toebox. Any time I order a running shoe, I always order the wide model in a half size larger than my normal size. For the last 10 years, I've only worn New Balance shoes, but I thought I'd try a new model. I found the sole to be equal in width to my older NB shoes, and the length seemed slightly longer. They do make a squick-squick noise when you walk on a tiled or hardwood surface; I'm hoping that will go away with some wear. About 12 years ago, I had a pair of Nikes, and the air chamber must have been punctured, causing a very loud "whoosh" with every step; I hope that doesn't happen this time round. So far, I'm very impressed.
I bought these for my husband and he loves them! They are a great fit and size. Perfect for running and walking.
