New Balance WX871
Awesome shoes for zumba/dance/cardio/pylometrics. It has good side to side support and arch support. Enough depth for insoles as well. Very true to size.
I bought these shoes to use solely for TurboFire. They have every feature that I seeking to aid me in my workouts. The Pros: The lateral support is unmatched. The padded collar keeps your ankle in place. The outer rigger aids in side to side movement. The rounded sole on the inner side of the shoe creates unparalleled mobility in combination with the pivot point. The heel is extra supportive, and absorbs most of the shock when jumping. The shoe is breathable and flexible. The shoe is stylish and attractive. The Cons: The shoe does in fact run a half size large. The insole is flimsy. The arch support is minimal. I plan on replacing the insole, which should eliminate all of the cons, even the sizing. In conclusion, I am happy with my purchase, and would recommend these shoes. They have definitely improved my TurboFire workouts, and undoubtedly will be my nirvana shoe, once the insole is replaced.
I returned this shoe. It seemed more like a running shoe than a trainer. The shoe was much narrower than the usual crosstrainers from New Balance, many of which I own and love! The arch was high and hurt. I did like that the shoe had good support and would be good for pronation. I also liked that the shoe was lightweight. If you like wide shoes, the wide is not very wide. The size is also a bit short. This shoe would not be good for anyone with wide feet, at least not the D. I'd suggest ordering a half size larger too.
The shoe felt very comfortable in the base but the toe area was way too tight. I ordered my normal size because I always have trouble in the heel if I go bigger. Unfortunately, I have to return these and look for something else.

These shoes are absolutely perfect. I needed a cross trainer and they are hard to find around here. A lot of the other reviewers said they ran big, so I went ahead and ordered my usual size, 7½, and I am glad that I did because they fit great. I sometimes go up to an 8 in sneakers, but these were roomy without being too large. The option for ordering a wide was wonderful, too. My feet are wide and I sometimes have difficulty with both regular and work out shoes with my toes going numb. If this is any indication of New Balance's quality, I will be wearing this brand from here on out.
