Tsukihoshi Kids Maru (Infant/Toddler)
I have this sneaker in hot pink, size 5.5 for my daughter. The color is awesome! The overall shape and look of the shoe also garners many compliments. It is a shoe to be noticed, and it is cushy, yet flat enough to the ground to be super comfortable and stable for my toddler. She runs and climbs and is happy as a lark. Well worth the price!
I love these so much I have bought three pairs in a row for my daughter. I have tried other shoes, and she asks for her old pair over and over until I buy her the next size. She is two - so I think this is based on function rather than fashion! They match a bunch in the light pink color and are easy on and off.
Great Shoe - 
I was always about the Stride Rite and still love that brand but then I stumbled onto this brand and got my little girl this shoe. She loved it. Very comfortable. A bit larger then the sizes says and may be very good for kids with wide feet. But overall, looks great and my daughter can easily put them on and take them off by herself and close the Velcro strap. Very happy with these shoes. I'm buying another pair now, next size up.

Love these shoes - 
I took my daughter to Stride Rite but they couldn't fit her very wide feet. My son had the same problem and he wore this brand for a couple years. I am very happy with these shoes. They are sturdy but a manageable weight for a new walker. And she gets lots of compliments for her adorable purple shoes. You don't see many of these around. Make sure you don't round up to the next half-size like American shoes. These run big.
Great toddler shoe - 
These shoes are terrific: lightweight materials, cute colors, and a simple playground-friendly design. The velcro strap is hinged and stays open on its own, which is very helpful for my 2-year old as she learns to dress herself. The shoes are also designed with the proper roominess and width for toddler feet (unlike many of the other brands we've tried). However, I would not recommend ordering a half-size up; lengthwise, these feel very true to size.
My son has wide feet and he had just began walking so I wanted something that was flexible and easy to put on. These are my favorite pair of sneakers. He seems comfortable in them too. It ran a bit big so I got a half size small
Perfect! They fit very well and are flexible enough for young walkers and new walkers. My son loved to stomp around in them. I haven't noticed any blisters or red spots. They hold up well against the sprinkler and mud puddles as well. Easy to get off and on, and very cute. My husband wishes they made these shoes in adult sizes!
These shoes are just perfect for little ones! They cannot get any better. They are lightweight, roomy, comfortable, easy to put on and take off, nice and colorful, stylish, easy to run with, and even machine washable. The sole looks really comfortable. Just too bad that they do not come in bigger sizes. They are almost too small for my 2½ year old son, we will try another pair from Tsukihoshi.
I love these shoes! I bought my first pair when my son was 11 months old and wore a size 6.5 shoe. These shoes are super lightweight, easy to slip on quickly and he loves to wear them! He is now 15 months old and in a size 8 and I have bought him, yet again, a new pair of Tsukihoshi's. These shoes are great for foot development and easy to learn to walk in. In every other shoe I put my little on in, he would revert to crawling. I stuck these shoes on him and within a few minutes he was up and on the go again!
These shoes are very tough.  I bought my grandson and he wore them until he needed a bigger size (6 months).  They looked and stood up under everyday wear like the new ones.  Very good choice.
Absolutely SUPER shoes. Bought these for my 18 month old and they fit his wide feet perfectly. Easy on and off, flexible soles. He LOVES them and doesn't ever want to take them off. Now he's outgrown them and the infant sizes, but I'm buying more of this brand!
Absolutely SUPER shoes. Bought these for my 18 month old and they fit his wide feet perfectly. Easy on and off, flexible soles. He LOVES them and doesn't ever want to take them off. Now he's outgrown them and the infant sizes, but I'm buying more of this brand!
