Tretorn Kids Nylite Canvas (Toddler/Youth)
This youth version of the Nylite is better made than the adult versions, and is more like the original Nylite. Unlike the adult Nylites, which have a thin non-padded fabric sockliner and tongue, this youth version has a terry-cloth sock liner, terry-cloth padded tongue, and a soft padded ankle. The footbed does not provide much arch support, unlike the original ylites, but these do partly mold to one's foot after wearing a few times. (It would be nice if Tretorn would improve the "adult" versions to have the terry-cloth lining and improved padding of this youth version - and if they would add some soft arch support.) The fit is a bit on the narrow side, especially in the front. Someone with a wide foot or thick tennis socks probably should go up a half size from normal. The youth size 6 seems to fit a man's 6 B or a woman's 7.5 B. These are great for casual tennis, racquetball, or handball, and the canvas breaths better than leather would. A serious or competitive player probably would want tennis shoes with a harder sole. One can't beat the simple classic style of the Nylite on or off the court.
This youth version of the Nylite is better made than the adult versions, and is more like the original Nylite. Unlike the adult Nylites, which have a thin non-padded fabric sock liner and tongue, this youth version has a terry-cloth sock liner, terry-cloth padded tongue, and a soft padded ankle. The footbed does not provide much arch support, unlike the original ylites, but these do partly mold to one's foot after wearing a few times. (It would be nice if Tretorn would improve the "adult" versions to have the terry-cloth lining and improved padding of this youth version - and if they would add some soft arch support.) The fit is a bit on the narrow side, especially in the front. Someone with a wide foot or thick tennis socks probably should go up a half size from normal. The youth size 6 seems to fit a man's 6 B or a woman's 7.5 B. These are great for casual tennis, racquetball, or handball, and the canvas breaths better than leather would. A serious or competitive player probably would want tennis shoes with a harder sole. One can't beat the simple classic style of the Nylite on or off the court.
