Brooks Launch
I purchased these shoes after much research and was pleasantly surprised when I first ran in them.  They were better than expected.  The shoes are comfortable and fit snug.  They are true to size so there was no need to return them for another pair.  I've run between 5-15 miles in them from the moment I received them without needing to break them in or any feeling of discomfort.  I'm will be purchasing another pair to keep as a backup.
Best combination of minimalist and cushion I have found.  Have done several half ironman triathlons in them and have no complaints.  Pretty true to size as well. 
I wear a 13 in almost every shoe, but this shoe was a 0.5 size too small.  Had to send them back for a 14.
I am 5'11" / 165#, neutral gait, midfoot striker and so far (1 month) this shoe is the best for my running style that I've ever had. My previous shoe was a Saucony ProGrid Ride, which I really enjoyed also. It's likely that I would have just bought the new Saucony ProGrid Ride 2 or 3, but both those models have turned into pontoon boats... i.e. way too much cushioning! These Brooks Launch are a nice sporty "ride" because they are lightweight, have just the right amount of cushion, and don't have too much bulk in the heel. I should say that I have a somewhat narrow heel and moderate to deeper instep and moderate to somewhat wide midfoot / forefoot and they fit like a glove -- true to size to boot. Nice amount of room in the toe box, but certainly not too much for my tastes. I run mostly road and a little bit of trail, usually around 5K. I also run sprint intervals in these shoes on the track as well as the stadium stairs. Brooks, please continue to make this shoe unadulterated. Cheers!
Switched to this shoe from the Pure Flow.I love that it feels very light and responsive. I wish there was just a little more arch support. So far, have ran over 100 miles in these shoes and they are holding up okay. Probably will need to replace around 250-300 miles. With Brooks running shoes, I always have to order a 1/2 size up.
I decided to give these a go when my last pair of Mizunos wore out.  I'd never worn Brooks before, so I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Lightweight, cushiony, and flexible.  I even decided to wear them for my first marathon.  I usually wear one size up from my normal shoe size in running shoes, and that was true for me with this model.  Very happy with these shoes.
I've put about thirty miles on these shoes and so far I love them! My last pair of running shoes was Brooks Glycerin, which I liked, but in warm weather when my feet swell on long runs, my toes started feeling bruised. This pair allows plenty of room for my toes, and the shoes feel light and springy. I wear a size 9 in regular shoes and a 10 in running shoes; 10 allows plenty of room without feeling too big. A nice touch: I love the "Dig Deep" on the ends of the shoelaces!
Great neutral trainer, lightweight, great support. I did a recent 5k and my first 5 mile in these shoes, no problems, felt great! I did order a half size up. This shoe is medium width and runs a little on the narrow side - which I loved, since I have a narrow foot. Plenty of room in toe box and colors are awesome!
I've owned several pair of the Brooks Launch shoes. They are my favorite. I wear a half size larger in a tennis shoe. I run a lot, and these shoes are very lightweight. Invest in these shoes.
This is my favorite runner because the shoe
has a wider toe box, 
the flex feels seamless,
it has the best air flow do to the upper being made mostly of mesh,
is cushioned perfectly (not over cushioned).
I order a half size up with these runners.
The Brooks Launch are great running shoes; very lightweight with just a little bit of cushioning. I have a very neutral foot and these shoes works quite well for both short (2-4 mile) and long (10-12 mile) runs. I normally wear a size 7 in running shoes and these are no exception.
This lightweight, breathable, cushioned shoe has been my favorite in 10 styles tried and tested. Very sensitive feet. Roomy toe box. True to size in my case. But, why the bold colors? Please Brook, consider a neutral color. The guys black shoe is preferable. Or how about a khaki and white? I don't mind light blue, but not the entire shoe. I would order more of these, but hence the color holds me back. These replaced Asics gel nimbus (their new style is more narrow in the toe box and has less mesh exposed than the Launch).
Just raced a PR for a half marathon in these. I definitely felt the ground more in these than in heavier shoes, but they are light, responsive and the mesh on the upper is great and breathable. I think of these as more for races and short runs than long training runs. Also, I think that all Brooks feel half a size smaller than marked.
Very lightweight, which I like. Should have listened and gotten a 1/2 size larger. Overall, very pleased.

This is a nice toe-roomy shoe, but does not run so small as at first it seems. I ordered up a 1/2 size based on other reviews, and that seemed the correct size - for about 4 days. By then the shoes had stretched and I am very sorry that I ordered the larger size. They pretty much fall off my feet when I walk, no matter how tightly I lace them.
Nice light shoe. and as others recommended, order a half size larger than usual. Pleased with them.

These are the best sneakers I've ever owned. Very comfortable, lightweight. I wear a size 8. They run small, so 8.5 is perfect. A must have.

