Sperry Top-Sider Striper Slip On
The shoe is well made and seems like it will hold it's shape and stay in great condition for longer than most shoes this style. True to size. Great color. Very comfortable!
Comfortable shoes, great for knocking around, but shoes run small. All of my other shoes are size 9. I had to send back my first order and replaced them with a man's size 9.5. The 9s were very tight. I wear them without socks so to have trouble getting into a 9 without socks meant they were very small. The 9.5 were perfect. Some wrote that they had a wooshing sound as they walk with air passing through the two water weep holes on the inside of the shoes. I didn't have that problem.
Good shoe, ran a little big for my feet, next time will order one half size smaller. Definitely recommend brand.
I have a lot of experience with the Vans slip on, and several off brands of the same style. I always wear size 9. The size 9 Sperry is too small and hurt my feet, but that's probably due to the great insole (traditional slips are notorious for having no cushioning). If I get size 9.5 I'm sure I'll be happy. The only downside is the eyelet design. When I walk, it pushes air out the eyelets and makes a loud whooshing sound. I hope the 9.5s will allow air to escape the top and not whoosh! It makes them unwearable.
Bought these shoes for my husband.  Fit is true to size and he says they are very comfortable.  Very happy with this purchase!
Bought these shoes for my husband.  Fit is true to size and he says they are very comfortable.  Navy color looks like denim.  
The shoe fits pretty well to size, maybe a tad larger.  Offers fairly good support and cushion for the feet.  It looks good worn without socks and I have had no issues with the heels or back rubbing my skin raw.  With regard to some of the other reviews that talk about the sounds that the shoe makes when you walk, that is true.  The two ventilation holes on the inside of the shoe create a whistling sound as air pushes through.  I just put a piece of clear scotch tape on the inside of the shoe covering up the holes and that solved the problem.
I love the style, great summer shoe. I'm really surprised that 70% said the shoe feels a half size large. I had the opposite experience. I ordered my normal size (11) but returned them for the 11 1/2. I've also never had to order anything other than Medium width but these feel a little tight. I'm keeping them though because the style is exactly what I wanted and I'm sure they will loosen up a little with use. 
