Vivobarefoot Neo Trail
This shoe was not comfortable at all (for me). It felt like sizing was a half-size small in length and width. Style is not bad but comfort wasn't there for me.
Great shoes. They are sized about a size small (buy a 42 if you are normally a 41). I did not purchase these to run in but wanted a shoe that would be casual but could be worn with khaki pants to work and these are perfect. The barefoot feel allows for a shallow heel and makes them look more dressy than tennis shoes or running shoes.
Before I write reviews I like to give it some time, and I was able to get a good feel for these shoes. This looks like an interesting option for those that don't want the skintight Merrell Barefoot style. I have both a Merrell Barefoot and this shoe. I will be sticking with my Merrells for now. Pros: Feels more substantial, kind of like a normal sneaker but with the barefoot bottom. Can get in Mids. Cons: Doesn't come in half sizes. Toe area not as substantial as Merrell Footbed kept sliding around on me; made uncomfortable and a pain to have to redo them constantly. These weren't horrible shoes; they weren't as polished and didn't fit as well as I needed. If they were in half sizes, it might help. I don't know if I can return them, because I would.
This shoe is great. It's truly minimalistic. It feels more like a foot-glove than a shoe, due to its flexibility and complete lack of support. This is a good thing, as the feel walking in these without socks is almost that of being barefoot. You can feel every pebble on the ground, and movement feels natural. I would advise walking in these a lot before you run, to get used to the feeling of forefoot striding. These shoes are incredibly grippy, with a golf shoe-like level of cleating. On pavement you can feel the lugs on the sole pushing into your feet. I feel like the lugs would wear down after prolonged walking on pavement, but that's not really what these shoes are for. I got them as an all-around shoe, and they are stylish enough for the purpose, but they are really for the trail. Get them if you have short, wide feet like mine. I ordered a size 43 after returning a size 44 and it's perfect. For comparison, I wear a 9 wide in Chaco sandals. If you have narrow feet, you might have a hard time in these shoes because they are wonderfully wide. Due to their roomy fit, you might experience some rubbing that can cause blisters during prolonged walking. Thin socks help with this. These shoes are also very warm, meant for cold weather. If you're exercising in a place warmer than 60F most of the time, consider getting the Breatho Trail instead. The glued sole and synthetic materials make me worry about this shoe's long term durability. If I use it as my main pair, I can't see it lasting more than a year. Hopefully they will prove me wrong.
My only, only problem with this shoe is that it is just too D**N small.  I normally wear a size 13 in every other shoe that I own.  So that is what I ordered.  Got the shoe and it was a no go.  Sent back and got the 14.  Still to small!  However, I wanted this shoe!  So I wear this shoe all the time with everything but my toes do not appreciate it.  When I wear with no socks it almost works.  Other than that I really like the shoe.  Looks great and goes with most looks.
Definitely order 1 size up from your regular shoe size. Right where upper bends when you step, on my normal size, the crease impinges on my little toe. One size up works great. Very comfortable and feels secure on my foot even though "loose" in a way, much like being barefoot but protected. I am not an experienced "barefoot" shoe wearer so I have no comparison for ground feel but this shoe lets me know if I am landing on my heel clearly enough that even walking on pavement it encourages a more mid foot or forefoot impact. Looks good too, not like some mutant outer space hippie shoe but pretty much like a regular trail shoe/runner.
These are great shoes! I wish Vivo made US half sizes. The traction is awesome. Breatability is good. It is almost like wearing nothing. I would have preferred a 9½, but since they only offer half sizes, I went with a 10 over the 9. I am still transitioning from my New Balance Minimus (which also rock). The Neo Trails are comfortable, well constructed and fend off moisture well. They are also grippy. There is zero drop with plenty of toe box space to allow the toes to do their thing without being super constrained or unruly.
Great shoe for those who are fans of the barefoot movement. I wanted a shoe that didn't look so athletic or tennis shoe driven (like the Merrell Trail Glove and NB Minimus) but that still had the barefoot feel. These shoes fit the bill perfectly. Really nice looking with jeans and the aggressive tread pattern makes them incredibly useful outdoors. Toe box is nice and wide, and they fit true to size. I'll definitely be buying shoes from this company in the future as the quality seems top notch.
A really great barefoot shoe. The lugs will work great for the trails and the size and width seem to be right on. 
I've been trail running in minimalist shoes for 3 years and was looking for a shoe that wasn't all open mesh and had good traction for the wet winter months. Well, I definitely found it in the Neo Trail. Awesome traction on the sloppy trails, and the uppers shed water pretty darn well. My only complaint is that they run a little small, so if you're going to wear winter socks, order up a size.
