Tsukihoshi Kids Euro (Toddler/Youth)
I love these shoes. Unlike some others my kids are not wearing through them very fast at all. I think it depends on how old your child is and where they use them. I send my 3 year olds to preschool in these and they do not run on much asphalt. The grounds of the preschool are mostly dirt and grass. They do get dirty after almost every use because the kids run in every puddle they can find. But, and this is why I love them so much: you can put them in the washing machine! I put them in (by themselves, per the instructions), in a mesh bag to cut down on the banging, on delicate. No dryer, but they dry by themselves pretty much overnight if you set them out somewhere with good airflow. The kids have gone through one size already and the shoes look almost brand new. I ended up buying new pairs in the half size up since the full size up was too big (although my tester could walk in them they looked comical to me). They do run larger so we buy them a half size smaller than their normal shoe size.
I purchased purple for my daughter and blue for my son. I have a five year old and a two year old and the shoes lasted until they were ready for the next size. The front of the shoes were worn through. This wear and tear is normal for active kids and my children wore them everyday. These shoes do run half to a whole size larger than other brands. I also would not recommend buying shoes too large with the idea that the child will grow into them. Looking at past reviews of parents doing that, I thought it was a good idea too, until my son ran and fell on cement, chipped his front tooth, because I wanted his shoes to last a little longer. It was not worth it. Overall, I am very satisfied with Tsukihoshi and will continue to buy this brand.
I have bought these for 4yrs for my son.  I am now buying them for my daughter, too!  The Tsukihoshi Euro is such an incredible shoe.  Others have tried to copy it, but nobody has succeeded in making a shoe quite like this.  It fits medium, wide and narrow feet.  My son has a long, thin foot and they fit him great!  My daughter has a wider foot with a high instep and they work beautifully for her, too.  They come in a wide range of attractive and fun colors for kids and are so breathable.  My only complaint is that I wish this style came in sizes smaller than a 6.5 infant and larger than a 13.5 youth.
This is my daughter's favorite shoe. Great comfort, support, and easy enough for a 2-year-old to put on and take off by herself. I typically order a half size down in this style versus other Tsukihoshi shoes. 
These shoes are amazing. They are super light and comfortable. The pink lime is a beautiful spring color but will also look nice in the winter. Fits true to size. My 4-year-old girl loves them. 
I love these shoes for my 2 girls; we have had various sizes and colors of this shoe and some other shoes from this brand as well. These are the best. Very lightweight and flexible, washable and stylish. The girls now 3 and 4 can put on their own shoes and really like them. My favorite color is brown followed by purple. I like the dark colors - they look neat longer.
Great shoe, fits a true 1/2 size too big. No rubbing or pinching complaints from my daughter, she loves the color.
We are so pleased with these sneakers and our two year old loves them too. Very light yet well made. I don't think they're as wide as other reviewers may mention, but we are glad to have ordered half a size down for length. We only have worn stride rite till now, and we are happy we ventured outward!
I love this shoe and I am so sad that we've outgrown the size range. The older kid styles are bah. This was so classic and I bought it in four different sizes over time. Love the color range and loved being able to fine more color options on the "girl side" for my purple-loving son. Really easy to put on and take off, machine washable, durable to last until they were outgrown. Sole is quite flexible for a shoe of this type.
These are the best sneakers that you could purchase for a kid! This is the second shoe same style our son has had. There is no need to worry about too narrow or too wide. The Velcro straps adjust to any size feet - except super narrow feet, I am guessing. My kid loves these shoes too must be the colors/patterns/Velcro straps.
My son has grown up with these from size 5 to 10 - 6 pairs. They are the best! Durable easy velcro, very high quality fit and finish.
Bought these a size larger than the Stride Rite's my son was outgrowing. Received yesterday. Just placed an order for the next two sizes. I love, love, love these shoes. Cute, well made, washable, easy to live with: what more could you want? Oh, healthy for his feet: they cover that too. Love these shoes!
This breathable light shoes is just perfect for my busy three years old boy who runs, jumps all the time. And also he is very picky about shoes who is very sensitive about it. We've tried so many top shoes and this is the best for sweaty season that will keep him quite dry. :) Also velcro is just good enough so he can pull it on and off by himself and it's very secure at the same time. I'll definitely buy another pair in the future. Just one thing is the size is half size larger so order half size smaller then it'll fit nicely.
OMG they are HUGE!  I got the size 13 and held them up next to my son's 12.5 puma shoes and they were like monster shoes!  At LEAST 1.5 inches longer!  That said, my son does love them.  I just have to return them for the size smaller - feels weird to be ordering the same size shoe two years in a row but these are NOT sized correctly.
I love how the tongue is stitched on one side - my husband thought this was weird at first, until we realized it serves the purpose of allowing a child to grab it and still have some control of it because it's partially attached, thereby facilitating a child putting on the shoe by him/herself.

Sizing suggestions here are right on the money. Buy a half size smaller.

The colors are vibrant and the shoes come on and off easily.

My only complaint is that the shoe scuffs in the front suede area pretty easily. Within days, both the right and the left had faded/worn marks in the same areas.

We also bought the brand's Denali, and though also great shoes, my son chooses these all the time (and I prefer the single tongue, too).
