Saucony Hattori
Very comfortable and wide flat runner. Good for walking, running, exercise, whatever. Very lightweight and breathable. They fit a bit snug, so I recommend a half size bigger than normal. I get a lot of positive feedback on the High Vis color as they are bright, bright, bright! My only criticism is that the fabric material is reinforced with a type of flexible plastic, but it doesn't cover the big toe area and the edge of my big toenail has torn through the fabric. My friend has these shoes and experienced the same design flaw. 
I ran quite a bit in these shoes and honestly sizing is negligible if you run without socks because your feet stick to the sole. If you wear socks they will slide around on the bigger looser sizes. You want this shoe to fit like a glove and not buy 1/2 inch over as you do for normal running shoes. The shoes expand on their own and yes it is hard to put on at first but the shoe loosens up a little. So buy a size that you can wear with socks that fits your foot perfectly. I would not recommend running without socks because these shoes don't have an anti-microbial coating and even if they did it, the shoes would still smell bad. Mine smell terrible and no matter what I do the scent doesn't completely disappear. 
Attractive shoes that felt good while on, but they were about one size too small (and I ordered up one size).
Awesome shoe. I was a little nervous going minimalistic, but this shoe is great. As with all, it takes a couple runs to adjust your muscles, but it doesn't take long before you feel a little stronger of a runner. They are so lightweight and now I absolutely love running in them, no problems at all. Like others have said they do feel a tad smaller than my other brands of the same size, However, I felt mine stretched out just a little bit after wearing them and now fit like a glove and wouldn't order a half size bigger if/when I buy another pair of these babies. Great decision.
I love these sneakers very dearly (referring to the black aw versions specifically. I also have the original versions which I also enjoy). The aw version seem to be built a little sturdier as I have been running in them for two weeks (shorter distances due to a slight knee injury) and they have held up great. Haven't had a chance to go out in the rain though, but I have poured water on them and they seem to be completely water resistant. The only complaint I have is they should have made them a little more trail running-like on the bottoms because I expect there will be a lot of slipping and sliding on icy roads later in the winter. Definitely a strong recommendation regardless. As with the original Hattori's, go up one whole size.
I'd like to comment first on the other reviews which stated that the sizing was inaccurate. I wear a size 10 shoe for casual shoes, but have always increased my running shoe size to a 10 1/2. I found that the Hattori 10 1/2 fit closer to a size 10 shoe, but it is designed to fit much tighter than a normal running shoe. In other words, if you have a 1/2 size cushion usually built-in, then your normal size will be good here. My second point is about minimalist running in general. This is the first pair of minimalist shoes I've worn, though I've been "practicing" running with a more natural mid-foot strike (in normal running shoes), for about a year, so I thought I would be ready for the Hattoris. I was wrong. It has taken me about 4 weeks to get to the point of running my usual distances. I suggest mixing in this shoe with your regular trainer over the course of several months, and foregoing the foot and calf soreness that I've experienced. Overall this is a really comfortable minimalist shoe.
A barefoot running enthusiast I'm a little hampered by the weather. Short of moving to California I needed a barefoot shoe for fall and spring running that didn't cause ice cold toes (toe separation from FiveFingers...love in the summer...not in the fall or early spring). The Saucony Hattori provides a very minimal shoe that allows me to handle cooler and wet conditions without fear of losing toes. They're light and comfortable. Wore them this morning for 10km with some Injinji socks even and still found them comparable to the FiveFingers without the separated-toe syndrome. Not sure if they'll meet full on winter conditions yet, but for now they completely fit the bill for fall/spring barefoot running in cooler climates. They fit a little tighter/smaller than I expected (as I've been finding barefoots to do), but they were truer to size than the New Balance Minimus is (very small...had to go wide widths on those). I got the men's as I hated the women's colors. Possibly could have gone a half-size bigger, but then they may have been sloppy. They fit well with socks even and handled a run nicely. I like the sock like feel. I was an old Saucony fan (used to love their regular runners before I went barefoot/minimal) and I was not disappointed with the Hattori. They look great and they feel great.
This is a great shoe, but it felt a 1/2 size smaller than advertised.

These are surprisingly comfortable and, most important, incredibly lightweight! Wonderful! I am a serious runner of 35 years and made an easy transition from my old favorites, Nike Air Max Moto, to the Saucony Hattori. Love them. But they absolutely run a full size smaller than a normal shoe. I wear an 8.5 (40) in Nike and also street shoes and had to order a 9.5 (Euro 41 in these). Trust me, they run very small.
This shoe runs a full size small. The comfort is excellent and I love how light it is. I don't recommend wearing them with socks and I don't think they are designed to be worn with socks. Even purchasing a full size larger, you are going to need even more length if you want a sock. The exoskeleton shoe is very popular right now and while this shoe does not have the 5 toe fit you see in some styles, it seems to be designed along the same premise. I am a fitness trainer and put in a couple hours a day on my own workout and I would buy these shoes again.
My coworker swears these helped her run for the first time in years, so I had some bias from the get go. I did my usual 'half size up for swelling' trick (6 in Sauconys) and these literally fit like a glove. My toes don't touch the end, but I have less room than in my Triumphs or ProGrids. I have yet to run in them as I bought them to use as recovery shoes and they really do the trick. Don't be deterred if they are hard to put on at first and they're meant to fit like water socks, if you will. a wear or two and they'll ease up some; they have to be firm in order to maintain shape/fit. Flyweight, flashy, breathable. I dig em!
Love this shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. After reading the reviews on this shoe I saw it ran a half to a whole size small. I normally wear an 11, but went with the 12 for these shoes and it was a perfect fit. I would recommend ordering a whole size larger, especially if you want to wear socks with these. Otherwise, great shoe!

No complaints. It was comfy enough but I found a size larger than my street shoes to be a little tight. So sending them back. So if you're a 7 in street shoes, order 8.5 for these. 
Fits like a slipper or aqua sock. Very comfortable, and for as low profile (barefoot running style) as it is, pretty supportive. It runs a little small; I probably should have ordered a half size up. I am usually a size 8. Despite this, because of how stretchy the shoe is, the half shoe size difference really doesn't impact my workouts.
I was trying this shoe out to see how they compare with my favorite running shoes: Nike Free Run. They are very light, almost like a thin slipper with a rubber sole. So they do definitely give you that barefoot experience, I'm still not sure about them. They are a little hard to get on. The back leather tab rubs the heel just a bit, as do my pinky toes against the side, and I ordered up a half size. I would have needed to order up a full size to wear socks with these. That said, I have run a couple 60 minute runs, and have had no problems, plus I dig feeling like I'm going barefoot. I think I still prefer the Nike Free Runs though for the added cushioning around the ankle. Also, these shoes kind of remind me of clown shoes on my feet. Ha! They are fun, but I wouldn't order again.
Love these running shoes! They do run a half size small so be sure to order up a half size. If you've never run in minimalist shoes, be sure to slowly ease into your normal running routine to avoid muscle and foot pain.

This is my 2nd minimalist shoe (1st the NB nimbus). More of a leap than I thought it was going to be, so may not be the best starter minimalist shoe. Or perhaps consider very slowly integrating this in. I was hoping a sock could be avoided but not the case. Hope they are thinking about this for future models. They haven't given a lot of thought to finishing the interior to assure no rub points and seams. Definitely go a full size larger - seriously. Overall, exactly what it purports -- a super lightweight and flat shoe. Beginners show some caution. Love all the color choices!
This is a great shoe -- probably one of the best pairs of running shoes I have ever owned, and that's saying a lot (I go through about 10 pairs of running shoes a year). So far I have put 73 miles on the shoes in about 3 weeks. They feel great and the ride is very smooth. They are super lightweight and fit snugly to my feet (I don't wear socks with them). I ordered a size 8, which is my normal running shoe size, and I haven't experienced any problems with them feeling too small (I think they are designed to be snug, almost like a sock). I really like the fact that they are laceless, and they look pretty darn cool as well. I have run over all types of terrain -- grass, wood chips, dirt, mud, water and asphalt. They have held up really well and they dry quickly when they get wet (they are also really easy to clean). If you are looking for a minimalist shoe, I would say this one is the best on the market right now. I would compare them to the Vibram Five Fingers, but with a better overall design and more comfortable fit (those individual toe compartments can be tricky if you have funky runner's toes like I do). The only concern is the shoe's life -- I usually can put 500-700 miles on a shoe, but I imagine these will "blow out" around 300. Time will tell.
Shoe runs a full size small. the other reviews said 1/2 size so I ordered a 1/2 size up and it was still too small. Otherwise the shoe is great.
I have had these sneakers for several months and love them.  I wear them to Zumba classes and for weightlifting and they work perfectly!  Very light, comfy with good traction.  They fit snug, so order up a half-size if that bothers you.  
I'm loving this shoe! If you like minimalist footwear, this is everything you hope it will be. I wish all shoes came with the adjustable straps...this really allows for a personalized fit. My only complaint is that the men's version has better color schemes, as usual. Oh, and it definitely runs a half size small. I always wear an 8.5 in Saucony but my toes hit the end in the 8.5 in these, so order up a half-size.
