Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Seasonal Ox
True to size, at this point they are all my son (age 20) will wear. He feels the grey will go with anything - so very versatile.
These are great all purpose sneakers that work with shorts, jeans or khaki's and are an American classic. They don't offer a lot of support so if you have problem feet they aren't good shoes for walking long distances. For the price work great. These run large and I order a half size smaller than I usually wear.
These are comfortable, casual shoes. While you probably don't want to use these for any extended walking or outdoor activities, or if you're planning to be on your feet all day, they're great for wearing with casual clothes, especially for summer. These are well made, comfortable to wear all day, and the color is exactly as pictured. You'll probably want to order these one size smaller than you would normally wear; they seem to run larger than the listed size. I generally wear a 13, but in these Converse, a 12 is a not-so-snug fit.
Fit true to size. Comfortable even without socks. I wore these right away for a few hours and didn't experience any discomfort.  Love the color.
I wore Converse when I was a teen and now remember why. They are so comfortable. I love that these shoes have a wide enough toe bed that my toes never feel cramped. I'm not sure why folks are saying they run large as I ordered my usual 8.5 women's size and it was a perfect fit. They also didn't require any sort of breaking in period.
I have weird sized feet, 10.5 wide, so buying shoes is always one of those things that's a bit difficult for me. Up until recently I only owned High Tops, but recently I was looking for something that I could just slip on. My first stop is some CT Ox, and I can say I like it. I bought a 10 and they fit pretty good. As other reviewers say they will fit a bit long but the width is spot on for me. Realize these are Chucks so that means they have horrible insoles, so if you decide to put insoles in these be aware they might fit a bit to tight and you should try to go up a half size. A full size jump will be too big. Otherwise completely satisfied with my purchase.
Very nice shoes. The color in the picture is very accurate to what I received. They are extremely comfortable but I will not they fit big. I wear a 10.5 in most shoes, ordered these in a 10 and they are still a little big. I suggest going one full size down.
Love these shoes! These are my first pair of Converse and I wear them every day. I'm usually 8.5 for most shoes, but I got size 6 in men's for these. I'm used to running shoes, so it took awhile to get used to these, but I love them.
It doesn't get much better than Chuck Taylor All Stars and this color is the best, goes with everything. I normally wear a size 10 in woman's shoes, I found those too big and returned and exchanged for a 9 which fits perfectly when I wear those little invisible socks.
I am very pleased with these. My nephew wanted a pair after seeing mine. I ordered a full size smaller. They fit perfectly.  I am thinking about getting the white ones.
A classic that feels great the second you put them on your feet! The All Star shoe Ox and High Top both run about a half size large. 
This shoe rocks! I wear a 9 1/2 and read that I should get a size smaller. I got a size 9 and it is a perfect fit! I'm definitely in love with Chucks!
Great classic shoe. I wear them all of the time. One thing to note though - I wear a men's 13, and always have to order Chucks in a size 12.
No half sizes? The woman's 9 was a bit too tight, and the woman's 10 was like wearing skis. In other brands, I usually wear a woman's 10, and for the Converse I ordered down a size as suggested by other reviewers. But no dice, and it seems half-sizes aren't available.
