Converse by John Varvatos Chuck Taylor Vintage Slip
Really nice shoe. I went with these JV over the standard converse because of comfort. Never tried on the standard so I can't  compare. Got these in two colors with the converse low socks made for these. Comfortable and stylish. They run a full size big. Exchanging was easy though.  
Love these shoes. Ordered a size down based on other reviews and they fit great.
Only gripe is that the bottom of the shoe isn't like the picture. Not that I'm looking at the bottom of my shoes very often, but in the pictures here, it looks pretty cool. The ones I got were just a plain brown rubber. 
Other than that I'm happy.

I got this for my husband, and I must say he absolutely loves loves it! I got 2 pair grey and beige. My husband says it's easy to wear and easy to slip on. Please get one size smaller than what you usually wear. Converse tends to make their shoes a size bigger I think. Anyways it's a great buy! And the style is so sleek.
I was happy to be able to get these shoes. I use custom insoles due to my flat-footedness and the standard Chucks just hurt after prolonged standing. I got these in size 10, but wish I went a half or even full size down. It seems that the elastic in the tongue (the only thing holding the shoe on) is getting looser or stretched out the more I wear the shoe. I recommend sizing down at least a 1/2 size.
Good looking comfortable shoe, but the size is a bit tricky. They are using UK sizing, so remember to get a half size smaller to get the perfect fit.
At first the shoes are very tight as I do have wide feet but they actually start to loosen up after about a week's wear. Now they are super comfortable. Guys, make sure you order either a half size smaller or full size smaller. I did half size and I'm happy with the purchase. Other than that I already get great comments from everyone I know. They may lack a little cushion up in the front area but I choose the comfort on these over all the other Converse shoes I've tried. Worth the price!
Great, comfortable shoe, but even at a half-size smaller than I normally buy sneakers, my heel still slips in and out.
Ever since I received these slip on Converse, I have had a hard time wearing any other shoe I own. They are comfortable and I walk for hours in them. I thought maybe there would be problems with the wear size or the shoe staying on but I was wrong. They are my favorite pair of shoes period.
I usually wear size 9.5 Converse. However, to keep the shoe on while I walked, I had to buy a size 9. The smaller size stayed on my feet, but was quite uncomfortable and the shoes fell apart in 4 months time.
Great shoes. I would buy a 1/2 size smaller than regular Converse with laces. 

Great shoe, awesome styling, but beware...these slip ons run large! I suggest sizing under a half size, I normally wear 12's and a size 11 fits me well (with socks on). If you plan on wearing these without socks, I'd suggest going down 1.5 sizes. Once you figure your correct size, you won't be disappointed! These are one of my favorites.
