adidas Originals Dragon
My feet are typically very comfortable in soccer style shoes but these are too narrow. I haven't completely broken them in yet but I would get a wide size if at all possible. They are constructed well and should hold up. Laces are thin, would help to upgrade those.
I am so happy with my purchase. They are affordable, great looking and really comfortable. I love them so much that I tried to buy the green ones but they are out of my size. As soon as the green ones are available I will be buying them too! You will not be disappointed in these tennis shoes.
These shoes have absolutely no arch support. I had a feeling this would be the case when I ordered them, so I also ordered a pair of Superfeet Black footbeds. Once I removed the Adidas footbed and replaced it with the Superfeet, these shoes felt great. I also followed the advice given by other reviewers and ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear. That advice was spot on.
Bought these for my boyfriend in an 11 1/2 but they were one size smaller than marked. I was about to return them for a bigger size but my brother who wears size smaller liked them a lot. I purchased another pair for my boyfriend, and they end up having the same snickers. They are light weight,comfortable and perfect for the summer time.
I love this shoe and when the brown is back in my size I  plan on getting another pair along with the blue. 

I purchase Asics all the time, so I gave these a try. I got a 9.5, the size I usually wear, but those were far too small. I got a full half a size bigger, and they were still too small. I just gave up and passed them onto my dad, who has smaller feet.
Very comfortable. Prepare yourself for compliments! One note: they seem to run about a half size smaller than any of my other shoes.
I use these for boot camp where we are doing many different activities. I also run in these sometimes and like them alright for running too. They look great for around town too. Low profile, sleek and simple. Comfortable but I do wish they were more true to size.I think a full half size smaller would have been too small though. Overall they're great workout/training shoes.
