Nike Lunaracer+
Possibly the most painful running shoes I've ever owned. I had to order a half size up because they were so tight. It didn't help. Wearing them feels like when a big burly dude gives you a crushing, manly handshake, except on your feet. And they don't let go. I ran with them one time and was laid-up with back and foot pain for a week. 
This shoe is lightweight, looks great and for the most part feels great. I say most part because the sizing is way off. I like having some room in my forefoot, I don't have wide feet, but I had to get a full size up. Secondly is the heel. I don't know if its the heel counter, or whatever but it has rubbed my heel raw twice once with high socks, once without. I hope with time this goes away, but until it does I have to give these a break until my heel fully scabs over. They are very cushioned in the sole however which is nice. I hope that they are durable.
The shoes are very light and provide adequate cushion. The fit length wise was very good. However, I felt that the shoe was quite narrow and I'd recommend going up half a size.

I would also recommend breaking in the shoe before doing any long distances. The shoe is stiff for the first 5 or so runs.
This was a full size smaller than marked. So for sure go a full size up. I just ran a full marathon in these and they are awesome. They are very well cushioned even though it seems like they are not.
(I'm a high school cross country and track runner - I average between 30 and 40 miles a week, I have semi-wide feet and low arches.) I had been wanting this shoe for a while and finally got them this past Christmas. I went up half a size and it still felt tight (very cushy). But from previous reviews I read that it would stretch so I stuck with it...bad idea. During my first run after running past the 1st mile I developed slight hot spots, but nothing serious, but my toes were really constricted (no splay for me). Overall it was fine. But later on in this year I got a black toenail. I also got major shin splints and believe I developed a stress fracture in my lower left shin (I attribute all of this to high heel and big differential between the heel and forefoot). I'm currently on a break from running to hopefully get rid of the pain. I won't be running in these anymore and will go back to my Asics DS-trainers for the mean time. These shoes are for those that can stand a high heel and have thin feet. This is a great shoe for tempo runs, but horrible for intervals because your foot tends to slide forward. Moderate for long runs I wouldn't go over 8 miles for a regular person.
Super light and plenty of cushioning in the fore-foot. 
I normally run with stabilized shoes, but have really enjoyed these and have put many miles on them with no problems or injuries. 
A really narrow shoe, however, people with wide feet may find them uncomfortable. Order a half size larger than normal Nike size though. 

Funky and comfortable - 

These have good cushioning, support and are really, really light. Plus they look cool -- they have more of a Chuck Taylor profile then the big bulky running shoe I am used to wearing. Though they are the tiniest bit snug on my wide feet, they are really comfortable. Buy 1/2 size up.
