Tretorn Nylite Canvas W
These are great sneakers! Perfect with shorts or jeans when a running shoe would look too clunky. They're comfortable and durable. I usually wear a size 9 shoe, but a 91/2 in running shoes. I ordered a 91/2 in these and they are comfy, but I think a 9 would've worked just as well.
Love these...had them in Middle school back in the day. Great to wear without socks. Ordered a 9 which is always my size but had to exchange for a 8 1/2...still a little big but if you wash them they do shrink a bit.
I normally wear a size 8, so I ordered an 8. With socks, the 8 was a little short. So I am returning for an 8½. The width was fine, but I have narrow feet. The shoes are comfortable and the fabric was soft. I like the old-fashioned style and since I do not intend to wear these for athletic activities, I do not need the support and cushioning of bulkier shoes.
I was hesitant to order these after reading so many reviews about how they had changed over the years. I am so glad I ordered them anyway! I love these shoes! They are slightly different from the '80s version in that they don't have terry cloth around the heel (the kids version appears to have it though). The other difference is that they seem more padded on the footbed. I remember them being hard on the foot before and these new ones are super comfy all day- very cushy for a flat shoe. I did order a half size bigger than my normal shoe size, but I do that with all my sneakers. They are awfully cute too - much girlier than Converse.
I am a product of the 80's and Tretorns, Davey's, and Dolphin shorts all take me back. This shoe is fantastic. It fits true to size and conforms to my feet. I have wide flat feet but with these shoes I feel like I have all the support I need. They are great.
I bought a pair of shoes; well, I ordered the wrong size. I called them and they sent me my size the very next day and gave me a return label to send the others back. That was awesome. Shop with them. It's great and if you happen to get the wrong thing they will fix it immediately. I will shop again.
These are not your original Tretorn sneakers. To my mind they are not as sturdy as they used to be. But having said that I am happy with my purchase. These sneakers weigh practically nothing so packing them does not make my suitcase 15 pounds heavier. They do run half a size small, so buy up.
This Tretorn canvas shoe is the classiest sneaker around today.  It isn't  clunky yet it has all the comforts one would expect in a sneaker.  I would suggest ordering your normal size.  It is a true-to-fit sneaker.
I loved these shoes in the early 90's but was disappointed the style changed so much. The inside of the shoe is not as soft. The pink is nice though. I will keep these shoes for going out and about with my two small boys but I doubt I'll order another pair down the road since they are less supportive than I anticipated. I also ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear and they just fit.
