Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Leather Hi
Awesome shoes. One of the most comfortable pairs I now own. If you're a fan of Converse, I highly recommend these. Just make sure you get the right size. Converse sizes can be a bit tricky sometimes.
Ordered half a size down per instructions. Length is great, but after a day of walking around they squish my toes together. They're narrow. Think the actual sizing might be a better choice if you intend to use these for anything active.
Design is really nice. The leather will break in super well. 
However, the sizing is tough on these. I would recommending ordering half a size down. 
I really like these shoes. I prefer the leather to canvas. The size was perfect. 
The Converse Chuck Taylor Hi-tops are AAA. I am a woman and bought a Men s size 4 as instructed. They fit perfectly. I have a wide foot, but knowing these are made for men I knew they may be a little wider than Woman's and they were; so the Men s Medium fit perfect. No one can tell these are man's shoes. They are sharp looking and besides, men s shoes are made more durable. One reason I wanted them, plus I need ankle support. Rating these on a scale of 1-10? I give them an 11. Well-made, sharp looking, comfortable, perfect for ankle support. The leather is super. I recommend this shoe for men or women!
I bought these sneakers for my Architect son because he had experienced the comfort of another pair he has. The minute he put them on, he remarked how well they fit. I ordered his regular size and they are A-ok. He was happy.
Great shoes! I purchased six pairs of these for my groomsmen and they all love them. The classic Chuck style with a great, high end twist. As it says in the description, they all ran exactly a half size large, but other than that, such a great product!

Great looking shoe, well made. The high cuffs were uncomfortable around the ankle, but nothing a pair Of ankle socks can't fix, other than that, they are very comfortable. I unusually wear a size 7, but a 6.5 fit perfect.
