Nike Sweet Classic Leather
The shoes are great! Fit true to size. Lots of room in the toe box, making them very comfortable. I like the all white logo in conjunction of the all white sneaker, and it is a classic tennis shoes style/look. Goes with pretty much anything, just be mindful to keep clean. The only thing I could wish for would be that they came with a second pair of laces.
Overall these are great sneakers. The fit is quite comfortable and true to size. Style wise I envisioned them looking a bit "cooler" then they actually were. Not necessarily shoes that I would wear with shorts but good for any other type of long pants.
These seem to run 1/2 to 1 size small. I sent back a size 9 and got 9 1/2. I am very pleased. They are stylish, sturdy, well made and present a very nice appearance.  They seem to be a very high-quality shoe.

I recommend these dark, semi-glossy leather Nikes, as compared to lighter colors (like gray) in suede. I had some beautiful gray, suede-finish Nikes but dripped some oily or greasy food on the toe of one shoe and never could get the stain out. I tried everything I could. As casual shoes for slightly dressy occasions (e.g., an outdoor party) those gray Nikes were ruined. Now I use those shoes to mow the lawn.
Black/Black/Black - Purchased these as beater shoes for rainy days when boots aren't appropriate; and for that they perform admirably. Very clean looking shoe in the all black color scheme. True to size. The heel of the shoe bites in a bit if you don't wear socks.
I love this shoe. Love there was no tax and free shipping. Love how fast it came. Best site ever, never had a problem. Nikes run a little smaller than some other shoes but its a regular Nike size.
I ordered these shoes a month ago for school and got them very quickly. They are exactly what I wanted and in the size I asked for, not too big and not to small. Perfect amount of width. I was very pleased with this product and will most likely be purchasing from this site again.
These shoes are my new favorite! I love them! I have arches and it's really hard to find shoes that won't make them hurt so much. They are very comfortable and cute. They fit me perfectly, except that Nike's run half a size smaller so instead of size 4.5 I ordered 5's. They feel true to width, no doubt about it. My feet are really small so it's always hard to find shoes in my size that I actually like! These Nike's are amazing, I do a lot of walking and running and not once have I had aching feet since I got these. I've had them for a couple weeks and breaking them in wasn't difficult or painful! I most definitely recommend these to my friends! 
I'm not sure if all tennis shoes have little padding but the first time I wore these my whole body ached the next day from the impact of running. I bought a sport insole that helped a lot. Otherwise these are nice looking true to size shoes. They are kept my ankle from twisting out which was the main reason I bought them. Can't beat the price.
Love these shoes! I bought them for work, as I wanted a shoe that would be easy to clean off if I got it dirty and would support my feet all day (I don't have much arches to speak of, so I prefer flattish shoes like these). These do just that, and I've gotten lots of compliments from my coworkers! My only beef is that the heels dug in for the first week until they eventually softened out. Short-term bother, definitely worth waiting for them to break in! Also, I always go a half-size up in Nikes (I usually wear 8.5, bought a 9 and it fit great).
I love this shoe. Very comfortable and for me and was true to size. I will be ordering another pair. Even though they are leather when they get scuffed or dirty I throw them in the washing machine and let them air dry. They always look new and clean.

