Creative Recreation Cesario Lo
Good looking shoes. Sleek and dressy for an athletic shoe. Also has a low profile which makes a big foot 13 or larger, not look too big. Good thing the shoe is offered in a large range of sizes because you will most likely have to order up a size.
Love these shoes. I have them in high tops and never purchased the low until now. So when I needed some new shoes for the summer I didn't need to look further and I'm very happy with them. They fit the same way as the highs. You have to buy them a full size bigger. I'm a 9-1/2 and I bought these in a 10-1/2 and they fit great. They aren't the greatest in comfort but if you want that then you should get the Nike Air Max Plus, but if you're looking for something with style, decent comfort for casual and/or dressy wear, then the Cesario lo or high is great for you.
Overall these shoes are great.  Next time I'll get a half size bigger though.  They fit a little too small.
I followed the advice of another reviewer and got a half size up...I normally wear 10s. However, these shoes were still tight. Perhaps they were designed for feet with less volume, as it's tight along the top of the toes. I recommend going a full size up.
These sneakers are great if you want a nice casual shoe to go nice with jeans and shirt anything casual. I have tons of these shoes and they are worth the money. They last and are eye catchers! I must say if you have a wide or big foot, please get a half size up I wear size 10 but always with these shoes I get 10 1/2. I rep these shoes to the fullest! Buy these shoes! Oh, and shipping is amazing! You will get them so fast and free!
This is an amazingly stylish shoe. They were delivered in less than 24 hours. I would recommend getting then a size bigger! I have 8 pairs of creative recs; I'm hooked. You can dress them up or down and always look great.

These ran small, and I had to resend for a larger size. They are pinched as well, so I had to stretch them too.

They are great! They look just like the picture. But, purchase one size bigger. Someone told me that and I am glad that I took their advice.
They are great! They look just how the picture shows. But, purchase one size bigger. Someone told me that and I am glad that I took their advice.
I am a mom so keep that in mind, but my 16 year old loves them and my 24 year old has a different color pair and loves them. I will say we had to go up half a size, if that helps!
These shoes are great! It can be paired with almost anything and any color! I wear it usually with jeans but with shorts during warmer days. I really love these shoes but when you buy it, make sure to get a half size bigger, eg., I wear a US 9 1/2 Vans classic shoe, but with these I wear size US 10. And this is because the toe area is a little narrow and I don't think they have wide sizes.
