Keen Kids Coronado H&L (Toddler/Youth)
This shoe is adorable and well made. My only complaint is that Keen doesn't make 1/2 sizes for toddlers, and these run a bit big. Would definitely buy these again!
This is the third time I have purchased these shoes for my son - every time he outgrows a pair, we get the same pair in a larger size because he loves them so much! They are easy to put on/take off, nice and wide, and good quality.
The best canvas shoes we have tried...My son has had many pairs of canvas Converse and Vans over the past 4 years. I decided to try something new. My son had a pair of the Keen Newport sandals when he was 2 and they were awesome so I ordered him the Keen Coronados for the summer. They are easy to put on and they don't look too babyish like some velcro shoes. They wash well and are extremely durable. What more could you ask for in a little boys shoe? The brown color looks great with everything and I am very pleased. I paid for them on sale and that is a great deal but I feel like they would be worth more money a pair as well. The sizing seems pretty true but I think they may run a 1/2 size small. My son wears an 11 in these and he wears a 10 in converse which runs a 1/2 size large. If you are looking for a new canvas shoe for your kid give these a try.
I love these shoes for my 2 1/2 year old son. They are so cute and sturdy. This is the second pair I have bought and will continue to order the next size up as he outgrows them.
I bought these for my toddler for Christmas and also bought a pair of New Balance 993's. Five weeks later and the New Balance shoes were shot. They looked like they had been worn everyday for a year. The Keens still look brand new and it is March. My son wears them everyday! They are very resilient and tough shoes. I will be buying the next size up when the time comes.
My toddler won't take these shoes off. They are very cute, and like some of the other reviews have stated, they are a bit stiff. My almost two-year-old likes that level of support, however. I really like the tough toes. Fit quite true to size--but good on width for a young child. Super fast delivery. Wow.
There are my son\'s favorite shoes.  At 5, he really doesn\'t want the traditional velcro shoe look (he doesn\'t want to look like a baby), and so for him these look like big kid shoes.  They are easy for him to handle by himself.  His feet tend to be wide, and these fit great.  I bought the same size in the blue suede and the black canvas, and the suede is at least one size bigger then the canvas.
I bought these for my five year old daughter and she loves them. The color is bright and vibrant (blue and pink). They seem to fit true to size and they seem comfortable. They are great!
I adore these shoes. My two favorite colors, bright and vivid, in a cute sneaker. When they first arrived, they were very stiff so I "worked" them a bit before putting them on my daughter. She acted like they felt weird the first time she wore them, but has adored them ever since. Very sturdy, they stand up to anything. Great for a chubby foot...whether it is wide, or fat from top to bottom. I'm going to order another pair in a larger size for when she outgrows the current pair. And I have no doubt both pairs will be in good enough shape to pass down to her little sister.
I bought these shoes for my 4-year-old daughter.  They are very cute, but literally run about two sizes too big.  If unsure, I would suggest buying down at least one whole size!
Seems to run really large for size. Also, the top edge around the ankle is not padded, which might chafe. Very cute shoe and solidly made, though.

This shoe is well made and sturdy for running. Fits perfectly. If you want a little wiggle room in the toe - order a size up.
This is a cute, good pair of sneakers. They look great and are easier for my 3 y-o to put on. They have decent traction and are not too hot for summer. A good option for when your kid needs a closed-toe shoe this time of year. Would have been nice if Keen put a little cushion at the top of the heel, to keep it from rubbing. My daughter has complained about it a few times, but no blister so far - I am sure once the shoes are really broken in, it won’t be a problem. We ordered a half size up since I think Keens run small and this is a good fit. They are a bit clunky, but we don’t mind that look.I’d buy these again.
