Salomon XA Pro 3D Ultra 2
I too had the same problem as another reviewer. I went through 5 pairs of the 3D Ultras without an issue...out of the box, on to my feet, hit the trail...no variance in size or fitting. Unfortunately this was not the case with my first pair of ultra 2s. While the right foot felt perfect the left foot rubbed on the heel, and in the arch. I am now nursing my final pair of ultras while frantically looking online to see if I can find left overs.
Comfortable, Have a decent amount of support, fit true to size. Really like the cable lacing.

This is a decent shoe, but I had a few problems with it: runs small. I'm normally an 8/5, sometimes 9. I needed an 8 in ths shoe. Order half size DOWN. - didn't really like the laces - it was a little bulkier than what I was looking for. I wanted a shoe for walking and the occasional hike while I was traveling and this was a little too heavy duty for my purposes.
My third pair of Salomons XA Pros. They work well for narrow feet. As usual ordered down a size. Supportive and great for everyday casual and trail use. I do wish they'd reinforce every eyelet and bring back a lighter gray color. This season's colors are all so dark and heavy looking.
Great fitting shoe, love the arch support I use it for hiking, biking and walking the dogs. I'm a consistent size 9 in all shoes and these fit fine, the shoe has a slightly roomy toe box, but the 8.5 felt like it would be too snug on sweaty feet.
I always wear a 7 in athletic shoes, and needed to order 1/2 size down in these. Love the quick laces. Seem more rugged than the Merrells I typically order.
I own the Salomon XA Pro 3D Ultra 2 and a part of the Amphibian Water shoes, and have tried on other Salomon shoes. I wear a size 9, and I know if I order a size 9 it will be true to size. The arch support is excellent, and are roomy in all the right places without feeling too loose. These are so comfortable!! I can wear these all day and forget I have shoes on. I also noticed the ability to walk longer distances and stand for longer periods of time without my feet, legs and back hurting. My search for good shoes is over!
I love these shoes! Definitely order at least a half size or whole size smaller, as they run big. I had to send the first pair back. I no longer have to wear my Super Feet inserts with these because they have great arch support. I work out in them and wear them everywhere. Very comfortable. I think I'll be buying Salomon for life now.
Just ordered these sneakers. I ordered a 1/2 size smaller and they still run big. A full size smaller fits much better. It had a long and wide toe box. Great sneaker.
