Mountrek Jasmine Spa
I wanted a comfortable shoe that I would wear walking the dogs, etc. that was not a sandal, and a friend recommended these, so I decided to try them.  My friend said, and the reviews here also noted, that these run a full size smaller, so I got a 10 instead of my usual 9 and was glad I did.  They do run small.

The good:  when you get the size right, they are great!  They slip on and off easily and they are as comfortable as slippers!  I put them on and didn't want to take them off.  I also think they are cool, and look cute without socks (some people wear them with socks, but I thought they looked a little funky with socks so I am not wearing them that way).

The bad:  that elastic strap that "laces" them is useless.  The first day I wore them, I'd had them on for less than an hour, and hadn't walked much, and one strap broke!  I was so annoyed, and more annoyed that I'd have to send them back and get them replaced.  Then I decided a new pair would probably have the same problem, and I ended up ordering a pair of elastic "lock laces" to replace the original laces.  The second shoe lace had the same problem--they are barely attached with a piece of tape or something and do NOT hold together, so replacing the laces is a necessity.

That's why I only gave it three stars.  Love the shoes, but for this price, I shouldn't have to immediately spend more money and replace the laces.   Mountrek can do better.
I am looking for a good trail hiking shoe.  I normally wear a size 7 in sneakers.  The reviews here say this runs small, so I ordered both the size 7 and size 8.  There's something about the design on this shoe that makes the top part with the elastic laces too tight on the top part of my foot.  I have trouble slipping it on because it's so tight.  And it just feels very tight on that part when it's on.  Not comfortable at all.  This was for both the sizes.  The size 8 didn't feel much looser, though I could tell that shoe felt roomier in the toe.  Just not comfortable at all.  I am returning both sizes, and will look for another brand or shoe.
It's true, order a 1/2 size larger, but wow super soft and cute. If you have narrow feet these are perfect. 
The shoes look better than they feel. The sizing is way off, I ordered a larger size than usual based on comments of others and had to send them back because they were too small. The shoes are not as comfortable as I thought they would be. There is no arch support, they are also wide and hurt the top of my foot.
Great shoe! Very comfortable for traveling. I wore it for about a month in Europe. I walked a lot every day and my feet where not tired. I am a 6.5 and had to get an 8. A size 7 fits but the 8 felt more comfy.
I am buying a pair in every color.  I do a lot of bike riding and stair climbing and these are the most comfortable shoes I've found in a long time!  Buy 1/2 size larger than your size.
Very light shoes excellent to carry in a backpacking trip, unfortunately I ordered them online, got a size 9m but they run a little bit small, I didn't return them and I used them thinking that they will expand with time, but they haven't. However, even tough they run small they didn't hurt my feet.
This shoe is amazingly light. I had to return for next 1/2 size larger. 

