ASICS GEL-Rhythmic™
I ordered a 1/2 size larger than my normal size and they fit quite well. I returned them because they were very shiny. If you want really shiny shoes, that's great, but I was hoping for a more subdued metallic that I could wear to work. On me at least, they looked cheap and a bit tacky.
I am having the worst luck finding zumba shoes! This is the second pair in one week. Their traction is good for zumba. I wear 11SS and these were narrow enough with my orthotic. Unfortunately these seem to be about half a size too short. Sadly, I did not really feel it until after the class today so I will not be able to return them. I am tired of wasting all this money! The shoes may need a tad bit of cushioning in the forefoot because my feet went numb a few times during class.
Bought this shoe for Zumba after returning the Nike Musiques. Love them! Very comfortable and stylish. I bought a half size larger than what I normally wear because of the experience I had with the other shoe and they fit okay. I do wear heavier socks so they fit fine. I believe these run true to size and I wouldn't have needed the extra 1/2 size.
These shoes fit true to size. The gel sole is a good shock absorber without being a sole that is cumbersome during lateral movements during dance. The sole is smooth enough to spin during pivots and one full turn. But not enough for multiple turns.

These shoes are comfortable but maybe not meant for Zumba? I was excited to get them and tried them on yesterday for an hour long Zumba class and by the end of the class my feet were burning. I think they need a little more cushioning on the footbed. I'll try getting some inserts and see if that helps. I wear a size 11, and they fit perfectly in terms of widths and comfort.
This shoe is absolutely adorable! It is also extremely comfortable. It is not really a true athletic work out shoe -- more for Zumba or just running around town. Love it! I ordered my usual size of 8 and it was perfect! (I normally wear a 71/2 in regular shoes.) Even wearing it around without socks this shoe was comfortable.
