Nike LunarEclipse+ 2
I got the anthracite/bright mango/cashmere sneaker. The laces are actually neon but I don't mind the pop of color. I broke my toe this summer and was looking for a lightweight and comfortable shoe. I needed to get a shoe that had a cushioned feel when I put it on. They arrived less than 2 days after they were ordered. They were comfortable right out of the box for me. The shoes feel true to size and width. The arch support is fine. The heel has a springy feel to it and they are really light. I love this shoe. I plan to get another color. 
Got the lunar eclipse in the melon color. They are bright very bright and daring. Love them. I got half size bigger but I think my regular size would have fit just fine. Nice arch support and comfortable. Take them on long walks and love all the comments I get : great color!
The most comfortable running shoe I've owned!  I absolutely love them.  I wear a size 8 but from previous reviews I was concerned that I would need to size up, so I ordered both and 8 and 8.5.  The 8 fit perfectly so I found they ran true to size.  Great color as well.
I ordered these for my mom, and she loves them! We had to order a half-size larger because they were a little tight with socks.
Best running shoe I have yet to purchase.  They are extremely comfortable, lightweight and enable a natural stride with cross-training stability.  They do run slightly small, so I would order one half size up.  Happy trails!
These are the best workout shoes I have ever owned. I have had 4 different pairs of these shoes.  If you are between sizes order a half size up. I usually wear a 7 or              7 1/2 in regular shoes and I ordered 7 1/2 in these. Great support and pretty cool looking too. 
I run about 20-25 miles per week, mostly on treadmills, occasionally on trails/street. Nice arch support. I love this shoe because it has a lot of cushioning, but is still pretty light. I ordered a half size up from my street shoes size and that seems about right. 
I absolutely love these tennis shoes! It runs true to size and feels very comfortable. Great support and I can honestly say these are the best Nike tennis shoes so far. You will not regret buying it.
