Saucony Kilkenny XC4 (Flat)
I ordered these shoes without having worn or tried this brand before. The size I initially ordered was much smaller than my size in Nikes or other brands, and I had to switch up twice to find a fit - I usually wear size 10, and I needed an 11.5 in these! However, once I got the size figured out, these have been excellent running shoes. As with all racing flats, they don't provide much support, but they provide great traction and are incredibly light. The price seemed great as well. Overall, I would recommend them for experienced runners, with a caveat to be careful on sizing.
This is my second pair of Saucony's. This pair definitely caters to narrow feet (I have size 13 wide) so at first they were a tad uncomfortable, but eventually conformed to my feet. I'm extremely flat-footed with almost no arch and these work well for me. They're very light, breathable, and comfortable; I even wear these out socially after a spritz of Febreze. For the money I don't think you could do any better.
These are super cute and comfortable. As reviewers suggested, I ordered a full size up. I normally wear a 7.5 in Saucony and an 8 in most other shoes. So, I ordered an 8.5. I'm actually returning them for a 9! I never wear a 9, so yes, definitely order up, but with any luck, these will be great.
Shoe was identified as a size 8, but more like a size 7. Might be the maker of the shoe that the shoe sizing is off.
The shoe is very cute, however, had to return. I ordered the next two sizes because of comments on size. It definitely runs short. I normally wear an 8.5 in shoes and like a 9 in athletic shoes. The 9 was too short. It's difficult to tell about the arch support because it didn't fit correctly.

These shoes rock! They are seriously, without a doubt, the most comfortable pieces of footwear that I have ever owned. It is sad that I have waited over 20 years to finally own a pair of comfortable work-out shoes, but finally I feel like I have found my foot mate, for life! Thanks to these babies, I have lost 15 pounds so far doing Tae Bo, jogging, and going on daily walks, comfortably. Per other reviews, I ordered one size larger. I am an 8½, ordered a 9½, and they fit like a glove. I am very happy with my purchase!
Loved these shoes -- I had read other reviews that said they ran small so I ordered a size larger than normal. That was perfect! Very comfortable, liked the look. I would recommend for sure!
Runs very small! I normally wear a size 8.5 tennis shoe; after reading reviews I ordered the 9.5 and it was too small!
Let me first say that I am a totally new runner. I am 30 years old and I have never run for pleasure or sport in my life. This is my first pair of official running shoes, as I am training for my first 5k.
Fit: I am a size 7.5 in nearly every shoe I've ever bought, but after reading the reviews I ordered a full size up and I really like the fit. They are a somewhat narrow shoe (I have a medium-width foot), but with the step up in size I found that was not a problem for me.
Comfort: Overall, these are very comfortable for running shorter distances. I run on pavement, but I never go more than 3 or 4 miles. From what I've seen around these days, these seem to be a somewhat minimalist running shoe, but with more cushioning than the barefoot running shoes that are coming out this year. I like the little bit of cushioning and stability, as my ankles are not the strongest; they perform that function without adding much bulk at all. They are definitely the lightest shoe I've ever worn and it made a big difference once I switched from my old Merrells, which were not built to be running shoes anyway.
Not having more experience with distance running I don't have much more to say, but they are definitely cute and they serve my amateur running needs so I can't complain!

These shoes run small but they are cute and well-priced.  I wish I understood that they are not true-to-size before I ordered them.  
The other reviews of this shoe indicate that it runs small. It runs tiny. I am typically a 6.5/7, and my foot is probably a smidge on the wide side. I bought the 7, which did not fit at all. Then the 7.5 -- my toe was nearly poking out of the end. I've just ordered the 8, so fingers crossed! The shoe itself is super lightweight and seems like it will feel great once I get the right size. At least they have free returns!
I just started running in October 2011 and it took a few sneakers to find what best worked for me. The Saucony Kilkenny XC4 is perfect. The shoe is very light. I normally wear a women's 11 but needed this in a size 12. I have a wide foot, but did not need a size wide. I am following the Galloway half marathon training and would highly recommend this running shoe.
As other customers said, you need to buy a whole size than yours. They are very comfortable and cool. Every time I used them receive a lot of good comments. 
Great sneakers but they were a bit snug. I'm a size 8 1/2 in every other Saucony I've owned and need a 9 1/2 in these.
I usually wear a size 11 but since I know some brands run small I decided to order a size 12. They fit perfectly. So my advice would be to order a full size up. The bright neon green is pretty cool looking. Also, the fit is comfortable and the shoe breathable.  I rated it overall with 4 stars because although it is comfortable, it doesn't have a ton of cushion in the sole and the exterior is not very protective but rather breathable and mesh-like.  It just depends on what you're looking for.  But I'm going to use these shoes to just wear around.  I probably wouldn't run in them though since they don't have much cushion for impact.  I really do love the color. 
These are great and the size was right, they're very comfortable and lightweight, and cute! I have a custom orthotic that I have to wear all the time, and that fit fine with these. Also they are all man-made so if you're looking for an athletic shoe with no leather, this is a good one.
These shoes are very narrow, so I sent the first pair back and got a larger size and they were perfect. This is a great, lightweight shoe that my daughter loves!
Love these Sauconys!  It's a brand I always trust, and continue to do so with this purchase.  Lightweight, comfie.  The only advice I have is to follow the other reviews and buy a size (or size and a half) up.  I usually wear an 8 but got these in a 9.
Love the shoe. I use them for running and at the cross fit gym.  They fit so much better than the big boxy type of running shoe. I did order 1 size up and thought they were to tight so I sent those back for an 8.5. I wish I would have kept the 8 these have almost to much room. Walk around inside for a bit they seem to almost stretch and conform to your foot before deciding if they are to small/big. I have not had any I-T band syndrome since running in these shoes. 
Great Cross-country racing flat but it does run 1/2 to 1 full size smaller than regular Saucony running shoes.
I love these shoes! Lightweight and super comfortable. And they come with pink laces in case you want to replace the black ones (which I did; adds some fun pizzazz to the shoe). I'm a horrible runner, just trying to train for measly 5K with my daughter, but for me these are great. Based on other reviews, I ordered a full size up from my usual (ordered a 10.5 instead of 9.5) and they fit perfectly.

