Dansko Veda
I bought these for work. I'm a medical assistant and am on feet all day. As far as comfort goes these were great! I had no pain in my feet after wearing them the first day. However, the material on the shoes near the rubber toe part is ripping. You'd think for the price they'd hold up better. I also had to buy a smaller size than normal. I'm now pregnant and can't wear these due to my feet swelling and these are smaller and more narrow than normal.
These are the most comfortable pair of shoes that I own. And they are much cuter than they look in the picture. They do not make my feet look huge and I wear a size 39.
Love the shoe. Very comfy and I get loads of compliments. Wore the right shoe a lot when I was in a Cam Walker boot and it was the perfect height to balance the walking boot. Post-boot - cant get the left foot into any shoes other than a 1/2 size larger running shoe. But I am so looking forward to wearing these once my feet are back to normal. TMI?
Love these shoes! Comfy and stylish. All black is the way to go for me, I'm a size 10 and find the white trim rather clownish.
Got these for my sister who normally wears a size 7 to 7.5 in other shoes so I got her the 38 in this shoe.  It was too big so exchanged it for a 37 and it fits her perfectly.  So far she really likes them.  This is her first pair of Danskos.  I've been a long time fan of Danskos myself. She says they are comfortable and they look really cute on her.  She says she needs extra arch support so i figured why not have her try Danskos.  
Love this shoe. I usually buy sneakers a .5 size bigger (I normally wear a 38), so when I ordered the 39, it was a tad too big... So if you order this shoe, you can order it at your regular shoe size. I am exchanging this for the right size and boy is it cute and comfy on! It has the full comfort and support of a clog without looking clunky. Plus, I love the converse/classic sneaker style. This is a great buy.
I was so excited to get these for work, they are cute and with all the great reviews, I thought I couldn't go wrong. Within 10 minutes of walking in them I had strain in my arches and blisters on my heels. I wear a size 9 and wish I would have gone with the 9.5-10 (eu 40) rather than the 8.5-9 (eu 39). I'm hoping they will wear in, but I am really disappointed.
Very comfortable and fun to wear. If you also have wide feet, I highly recommend purchasing the next size up. I wear a 9 wide and ordered the 39 (8.5-9). It arrived and fit perfectly on bare/nylon feet, but was super snug with thin socks. I ordered the next size up and received them very quickly. They are a good fit and I wore them all day today without a blister, even though I didn't break them in.
