Nike Free 5.0 V4
I ordered three pairs of Nikes in the same size, 6.5. Two of the pairs fit perfectly, but I couldn't even get these on my foot. I'd say these run at least a full size small. Can't comment on overall comfort since I couldn't get them on!
Nice shoes overall, very similar to the other Nike Free 5.0 predecessors. Unlike the others, has a separate tongue (not an all-one-piece stretchy liner). Tongue is attached to shoe all along one side, is only open on the other side. Not a bad thing. However, the shoe fits very narrow. I normally wear A to AA width, and this just fits me. Feels a bit tight even. And I almost don't have enough lace to tie a knot. As usual, it runs short in the length also, by a half-size or a tad more. If you don't have narrow feet, I don't see how you can fit in this shoe. Ought to be on clearance due to the size issue.
I was looking for a pair of Nike Free's that were black, but not the basic black/black or black/white combo. I really like the the melon orange color this combo has, so I had to order them. The photo doesn't do the color combo justice. Just love the nice pop of color! These fit smaller. I am a size 10, but Nike Free in size 10.5 seems to fit me the best. I like these over my Nike Free Run +2 pairs, because these fit more snug around them which looks like a cleaner and smoother fit. They do seem to run narrow. That is okay for me, since I have a narrow foot. I ordered these for running and walking on the treadmill. They are very comfortable and made very well!
I like the color combo of these shoes. I was trying to replace a pair of lunar Nikes I had that are worn out. These shoes are very narrow; I typically wear a size 8 in shoes but always go to 8.5 in Nike's. Had to order a size 9 in this particular style. That would be the only thing I would beware of. 
Love the green color... bright and fun without looking like someone went crazy with a box of neon markers.  Runs super small.  I normally wear an 8.5 or 9.  Always order a 9 in Nikes.  Heard these ran small, so I ordered a 9.5 which is still too small.  Returning for a 10?  I've never had a size 10 shoe in my life.  Order big, ladies!
Great design, soft sole, vivid color, but they run almost two sizes small! I am a true 8, will have to change to 9.5.
