SKECHERS Premium
I've had at least 6 pairs of these, but I've lost count. I hope they never stop making them! I can fit orthotics into them and though C width works great for me, I can also wear the mediums a 1/2 size up. For me, the shape of the arch is perfect. In leather, they look a little more sharp, but the nubucks are super comfy. I wish they had fewer logos, but that's the only thing I could wish for.
I really wish I had these on my trip to Rome! My feet hurt... all the time. So when I walk long distances, especially on concrete, I usually have to wear ugly shoes with insoles AND cushy socks... and STILL end up in pain by the 3rd hour. These Skechers are not only COMFORTABLE walking all day on concrete, but they're cute, too! They make my size 10 feet look more like size 8. :) I don't have to wear cushy socks OR use insoles with these. They're a Godsend for my achy feet!!!
Absolutely the most comfortable sneaker I've ever worn! They are easy to put on and stay tied. True to size, lightweight and attractive.
Well constructed, true to size. Provides support while having a sporty look. This just replaced my beloved pair of brown in the same style that I'd had for years.
This is my 5th or 6th pair of Skechers and as always they are exactly the quality I enjoy.

This shoe has more structure than my last pair of Skechers. Since I know that it will stretch a little I bought my exact size rather than going a 1/2 size larger like I did with my last pair.

I like the extra support I get from these shoes.
I absolutely love these shoes. The arch support is perfect, the size is true, the overall comfort is fantastic. I wear them over nine hours a day as I work in a major hospital and am on my feet more than not. My feet are not killing me by the end of the day. Buy them. You will not regret the purchase!
These are very comfortable sneakers. They run true to size, have nice cushioning, and are comfortable. I recommend them completely!
Really cute, a little on the chunky side, but you can tell that from the photo, so not a surprise. They were a little too large, though, my foot slipped out of the back when I walked. I am usually a size 8, but in some brands of shoes I do wear a 7 1/2. I should have gotten the 7 1/2 in these. I could tell, however, that they are really comfy. Ultimately decided against keeping them after some thought, because they are for work; I'm a nurse, and am concerned about the absorbent laces "catching" unpleasant things.
I love these tennis shoes. I am a fitness instructor, and I have worn these for over 10 years. They have great support and are very comfortable. I always wear a size larger in sketchers, so these are true to size for sketchers.

