Five Ten Exum Guide
Great so far! I have only been on short hikes, but they function as described in other reviews. Ankle support could be better so maybe not the best backpacking boot, but for kicking around the forest these make a comfortable everyday shoe. Order a half size up unless you like your shoes snug.
Too narrow - toes were pinched. I ordered a 1/2 size up from my street shoes and my right pinkie toe was really squashed. My toes were a little numb on both feet after wearing for only 10 minutes. I really loved the shoe, and I normally wear regular D-width shoes. Maybe a 12 1/2 would work (a full size up from my street shoe size of 11 1/2), but it doesn't appear five-ten makes a 12 1/2 in this shoe. My toes had room in the 12 size, about a 1/2 to 3/4 inch, but width was very tight. Very well constructed, fit like a glove and very sticky soles.
Love this shoe! After owning and wearing a pair of Five Ten hiking shoe for several years I finally had to buy a new pair. I wanted more ankle support without a full boot and the Exum was perfect. They are comfortable, provide plenty of support on loose and sharp rocks, and the lace system allows complete control of tightness from calf to toe. I highly recommend this shoe to anyone who wants a better hike, better shoe and wants it from a respectable company. Because of the random sizing issues people have had with this shoe, I ordered a half size larger then my previous Five Ten shoe, and it fits perfectly. My older shoes did feel too small when I first got them, but broke in nicely. The Exum seems to fit better larger. Five Ten, in my experience, can feel the wrong size until they are properly broken in. 

I wear a women’s size 7.5 or 8. Since it said 57% felt these ran 1/2 size larger than marked, I went with the size 6 (women’s 7.5). Well, they were way too small. An 8 may have worked, but I didn’t bother ordering because they didn’t feel like they’d be comfortable for me anyway. I do have the women’s guide tennie and highly recommend them, but was unimpressed with the Exum Guide.
I bought this shoe for walking my dog in winter. Great shoe once you get the right size. No more issues with wet feet, great traction in the snow.
I purchased these shoes for a three-day hike at Yosemite. This is the second pair of Five-Ten shoes I've bought (the first was Insight, which I was very happy with). I wanted something with more ankle support. As per suggested in other reviews, I bought a half-size larger than I normally would. These shoes are normal width, but feel a bit shorter in length than their size number would suggest. My Five Ten Insight shoes were the same. I wore these for a few days before the hiking trip, in order to break them in. Out of the box, they were quite comfortable, but they were a bit tight against my pinky toes. During the hike, this became quite uncomfortable. Since then, they've become much more comfortable, and I've worn them on other one-day hikes with increasing comfort. My feet do get a bit tired after a day in these shoes though. I'm thinking I need to get better insoles. Like my other pair of Five Ten shoes, the Exum Guide shoes have unparalleled traction for which the brand is renowned for. I find it's very easy to traverse rocks and scale obstacles, and I have no problems with surfaces that other people find slippery when I'm wearing these shoes. While they're not as comfortable as other shoes, the soles have incredible traction, which I really appreciate.I really like the way Five Ten shoes are styled, and these are no different. The color scheme is a bit on the conventional side; the beige and black goes with everything. But the design is really neat, very cutting edge. Like other reviews, I would recommend getting a half-size, or even a full size larger than normal. Buy some good hiking socks to help make them more comfortable. You'll never have to worry about tripping due to lack of traction with these shoes. If anything, you'll be tripping over how well they grip surfaces.
I am a huge 5.10 fan owning about a dozen pairs of them. I have not yet really tested the Exum Guide but if it works like my other hiking/approach models it will be a winner. It seems to me to run a little on the small size as, even though I ordered a half size larger for heavy socks, I might have gone a full size larger. Probably they will break in and fit fine. The sticky rubber soles are amazing on rock and my other boots have done very well. I think I would prefer that they be a little higher like conventional boots. I have seen a comment on the lace guides not all being robust. I will have to see if they hold up. After a few years of hard use this will come out. I have only worn out one of my many pairs of 5.10 shoes and this was because of my snake proof leggings wearing against the back of the shoe. My current pair of Echo boots, unfortunately no longer made, have survived about 15 years of rattlesnake research in rocky bluffs and southern pine woods. Amazingly indestructable boots. I hope the Exum Guide is as rugged.
This is an amazing boot. You need to go a half a size larger. The soles are the stickiest I have ever seen. I also have a pair of the Camp Fours. I love them both.
Great Shoe - 
This is a fantastic shoe. They look as great in person as they do on the website! Excellent quality. They run a little small so order a half size up.

