Keen Kids Parker (Toddler/Youth)
I wanted these to work because they are so cute, but couldn't get my 3 year old size 8 feet in them. She wore size 7 H2 sandals all year and they still fit snugly so I thought 8 would work but they were too stiff to get her foot in, to the point that she refused to continue to try. Super good looking but I had to send them back.
I love Keen shoes for both my girls (ages 2 & 4). This pair was for my 4 year old and was everything I've come to expect out of a Keen shoe! I always work the lacing with my hands for a minute when we first break them in or getting your child's foot in can be challenging. I wish Keen shoes came in 1/2 sizes, but since they don't, I order a size up. Every pair of Keen shoes I've purchased withstands all the torture that my both my very active Montana girls puts them through. My girls are 18 months apart in age and I know I can always count on this brand to last through both of my kids with plenty of wear still left in them.
Very happy with these shoes. Size up, though! I had to send back the initial pair I ordered for the bigger size. Now they're just great! 
I bought a pair for our older daughter too.

Purchased these shoes for my soon to be 4 year old daughter. They are exactly what I expected from a Keen shoe. Very well constructed and I expect them to last until she outgrows them, not wears them out. I found they ran true to size, a 10 is her normal size. The color is great because it doesn't show dirt easily and the bright pink laces keep it girly.
My son is very picky about shoes and he loves these.  Comfortable from day 1 and they are holding up really well.  I bought size 13 in this and another Keen style, and these seem slightly larger, but it could just be the different designs/construction.  Overall, we're not a huge fan of the bungee lacings, but at least these are durable and not too long.
I bought these for my son to wear to preschool and on dressier occasions. They are great shoes! He has no problem getting them on and off by himself which is a plus on busy mornings. I cannot say enough good things about the quality of Keen shoes for children. I ordered this same shoe in the next size up for when he outgrows the current pair. Once summer arrives, we will switch to Keen sandals for all of my kids!
Very happy with this purchase for my 4 year old. Excellent quality, great look. He is supposed to be 10 1/2 and size 11 was the good size for him and these shoes seem to run small.
