inov-8 X-Talon™ 212
Grippy is a great way to describe these shoes. Only worn them for a few short runs off road on various terrain. Can't wait for some actual hard rain to take them off road for some extensive mud time. The uppers are made of a tougher, tighter mesh than my Flite 195s so they feel more durable. Time will tell how durable these are compared to my other shoes, but I have high hopes for their future. The fit is a bit tight with socks, the 6MM insole is a little too much for me and I removed them to get it perfect. Might put a set of 3MM footbeds in them if running bare doesn't work out. The size is dead on with my 195s, perfect my my size 10's.
So I ran my first Ultra in these shoes on 3.3.12 (Old Pueblo 50) and started my training this January. I had run less than five miles in these shoes before lacing up on race day. I am usually a size 12 in shoes and that's what I ordered in this. Out of the box they felt snug enough in the forefoot that I ran my training run without the insole. However, for the race I put it back in. I had my La Sportiva Crosslites as a backup shoe, ran miles 25-29 in them and switched back to the X-Talon. The shoe is light and the shoe is fast. Twelve days later and I have some residual soreness in my arch and I am considering cutting off the lugs right under the arch. I think this shoe is excellent and will continue to reach for it as my choice trail shoe. These are a great minimalist style shoe. Note on fit - I also have a black pair of the Flite 195s in a size 12 and they fit like a 12. I bought a pair of the Flite 195s in the grey and red coloring but the size 12 was about one size too big.

Inov-8's are known to have a narrow shape.  I have a wide foot, but just on the low end of wide.  Can generally use a narrow'ish shoe if I size up, but for racing oriented shoes this makes the toes too long for speed/agility, etc...  That proved to be true for this shoe.  Too bad as it had everything I wanted: aggressive lugs, light weight, cool looks.  Just too narrow for me.

Only other hesitation for me is the construction of the upper didn't quite wrap my foot as evenly and cozy as I would have expected.  Other shoes like Salomons and Mizunos seem to be able to keep that.

Even though they are heavier, I went with the Salomon FellCross.  I was ultimately looking for something fairly rugged so was okay with weight compromise.
I have narrow feet and I found these to be somewhat narrow but acceptable. I can not image how someone with broad feet would feel about these shoes. Also, before I purchased I found competing reviews that said they were a half size too small or that they were just right. I found that they are indeed a half size too small and I had to send back my first pair to get the right size. All-in-all I am not sure I like these better than my waterproof Salomons even though these are lighter.
They're a little thin for people with wide feet (like me), but they're fantastic! My wife and I bought them to replace our softball cleats and we love them! They grip the ground in the infield and the outfield and are perfect and much more comfortable than regular cleats. I completely recommend, even for people with wide feet! And the size seems to be pretty accurate (for us, anyway).

Great shoe! Light and very comfortable. I have a narrow foot and this shoe fits me well and was true to size. I normally wear a 12 and a 12 fit me nicely. I haven't had the shoe on any rocky trails so I can't attest to it's rock eating ability but it does seem to spread the impact of rocks over the foot well with no sharp points. The shoe does not have any motion control and is exactly what I was looking for, but is a shoe I can run high mile runs in. If you're looking for a light, minimalist shoe the Inov-8 XTalon 212 is for you.
Great shoes: light, good traction in rough trail and woods conditions. No extra padding to absorb water in wet conditions. Run narrow though so had to get size larger to fit ok.
