J-41 Vanguard Barefoot
I'm a 6.5 in the nike running shoes and i saw everyone saying they had to size up but it was unnecessary the shoes are a loose fit which isn't that great for hiking or rafting. They are very comfortable  and have a great design so i would recommend this but dont size up as they tend to stretch even more after use.
These shoes really conform to my feet giving that barefoot feel when I run or just am out walking. They have an interesting toe box shape that works perfectly for me. They are really cute. I wear a size 9 medium width and the size 9 fit great.
I really liked these, but ordered a 1/2 size up after reading reviews, wish I hadn't! They are cute, but I have to return because they were too big. I should have ordered my original size. They do feel very padded and comfortable, so I will reorder them smaller and give them a try.
I love these shoes, but I did need to return the first pair I ordered and order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear.  They are very cute and comfortable.
I instantly liked these and wear them nearly every day. They did seem to run small at first, and the half size up that I ordered seemed to fit me perfectly; then I figured out that's because they're meant to be worn barefoot. Once I ditched my socks (thanks to the warm weather's necessitating my wearing shorts), I found they still fit but now slightly loosely. I don't run in these, just walk around. They're so quick to put on and take off--no laces or velcro--and they're very lightweight and breathable (you can see the color of my socks if I wear them with socks). The bright white gets comfortably dingy and not so bright within a month or so. Also, I love that these are vegan! And I verified directly with the maker that they do not seem to use (controversial and potentially dangerous) nano materials.
I got this shoe in a 10 in the charcoal/pink color. I usually size up from a 9-1/2 to a 10 in J-41's. My foot is on the narrow side but these shoes felt great. I did make the mistake and wore these barefoot style shoes on a recent trip to Wash D.C., let's just say my calves and ankles were killing me by the end of day two doing so much walking, my mistake and I knew I should not have used them as my only walking shoes. I love them nevertheless!
