inov-8 MudRoc™ 290
Shoe delivered was of wrong size. I ordered size US8.5 but came with shoe size UK 7.5 which according to their size chart, is  US size 8. 
Definitely run a little on the small side. orderedmy usual size for running shoes and they're going back for a half size larger.
These shoes are awesome. I bought them to use in mud races. They fit tight, but are not uncomfortable. They just snug your feet and feel right. Keep in mind, they are a minimalist type shoe. I went from VFF to these and had no issues. Also, get a half shoe size smaller, otherwise you'll have too much in the front.
Comfortable out of the box. Good traction. Breath pretty well. I wear the exact same size as my other shoes.
These are very  comfortable trail running shoes. I really like the look of them, too. I normally wear either a 6 or 6.5 in running shoes, and for this brand I needed the larger size.
A great spring shoe! Handles mud and wet surfaces well. Rides nicely on pavement, but it is clear the tread will wear very quickly here and not the intended use. Beginning in 2010 Inov-8 revamped their line and changed their shoe sizing a bit. I am a measured 10.5 and used to fit the Terroc 330 and MudRoc 290 perfectly (as though it was made for my foot). I now find the 10.5 slightly long, but doable for long runs. I would recommend downsizing a half size for a short distance racing shoe.
This is my first foray into minimalist trail running shoes, and I think I managed to strike gold right out of the gate with these. These shoes are nothing short of amazing. The highlights to me are: exceptional grip (the best I've ever experienced with any trail shoe), lightweight, close-to-the-ground stability and exceptionally quick drying. I have put in a little over 100 miles in them so far on terrain ranging from hard packed single track trails to grassy cross country trails (in both wet and dry conditions for both types of trails) and I am simply amazed by how these shoes just seem to provide the right level of protection, traction, agility and confidence in all trail environments. They've provided a surprising level of comfort as well. However, they provide minimal support at best, so if you're a long distance runner used to a stability shoe, you might want to look for something else or at least ease into it. My runs are usually on the shorter to midrange length (anywhere from 5-12 miles) and I've had no issues whatsoever. In terms of size, I wear a Men's 13 and found these to run true on size to maybe a 1/4 size smaller than marked. In general, I'd say true to size, depending on the shoe you're used to. However, they definitely run slightly narrow compared to other shoes (I believe this is by design). I have a medium to medium-narrow foot and they fit absolutely perfectly for me. In my opinion, the narrower fit is a real bonus for trail running as the foot really locks into these shoes and you don't slide around the shoe when changing direction, scrambling downhill, etc. However, if you have a wider than average foot, these shoes may be too snug even keeping in mind that they should fit snugger than a high volume running shoe. Finally, these shoes are most definitely for trail or xc only. On pavement, the rounded heel shape and large lugs feel awkward. The rubber is also comparatively soft and would probably not be durable over the long term if used on pavement consistently. However, after more than 100 miles on trails, the tread on mine still look like new and the shoe itself is holding up great under my 200+ pounds. Bottom line: In case you can't already tell, I really like these shoes and would whole-heartedly recommend them to any trail-runner looking for a minimalist shoe that is a solid all-rounder.
Great trail running shoes!
I got these shoes to run in the California Mountains for 4 months. They fit perfectly and I do not have a wide or narrow foot--just average. Though I did get a 7.5 rather than my normal size of 8.5 based on online reviews. They are light and very flexible-perfect for xc racing but also great for everyday long runs in the woods (which I used them for). They don’t slip on rocks, woodchips, and various other terrain and they allow you to keep moving when reg running shoes cause you to slow down (yes I ran the same trail numerous times with these shoes and then reg. running shoes...these win) I def highly recommend these...just wear old socks when you run with these in the heavy dust and ultra soft, deep dirt. And try not to run with them on pavement...they are light racers. They are not supposed to have all the comfort of reg running shoes but of trail shoes where grass and dirt are your comfort.
