Saucony Grid® Omni Walker W
I have a difficult time finding a good shoe with my size 12n. This shoe is one of the best that I have ever had. I plan to order this again.
These were just what I was looking for. After years of spending all day on my feet as a nurse, as well as a history of broken bones in both feet, I now have plantar fasciitis, weak heels, two different size feet, and bunions, as well as a very high arch. These shoes are a bit heavier than others I've had, but the support is good and my orthotic fits well in the shoe. There's a nice wide toe box to accommodate my poor weirdly shaped upper foot. Good looking as well. They are pricey, but I looked long and hard and these are by far the best I found.
This is the first walking shoe I have purchased that wasn't NIKE. I LOVE these walking shoes! I went to NYC and wore these for the first time! I walked for hours and had no pain or blisters!! Very comfortable! I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear because of some of the reviews I read...but I think I could have gotten my regular size! I will be wearing thicker socks soon so it's not an issue! If you are looking for a comfortable walking shoe....I recommend these!! Just wish they came in different colors! White can be kind of boring!
Hurray for Saucony Grid Omni Walker W! I have a narrow, long foot size 10.5 and my heel is especially narrow. For the first time in a long time I found a pair of walking shoes (sneakers) that fit my whole foot. No heel slipping, no large toe bumping!
Very supportive and comfortable shoe. Accommodates my orthotic (I buy 1/2 size up). Always great service!
I finally found what I wanted...a walking shoe with plenty of cushioning and support. These are very comfortable shoes and the fit is exceptional. I have a wide foot. I ordered a half size larger and they are perfect. Will wear to work. Hooray...my search is over! Try these shoes! I just ordered another pair!
These provide excellent cushioning, but the toe is narrow and the arch sits a bit far back in the shoe for me. I will return them. Progrid Intensity fits me better, so I hope they get more in in my size!
