ASICS GEL-Neo33™
I love my new shoes! Love the color - they fit great but I cant tie them when I run. I like my shoes loose for running so maybe a half size bigger would have been a smarter buy. But I'm keeping these.
I bought these for running and figured that I would get half a size up. I wish I had stuck with my normal 8½rather than the 9. That is probably why they are not as comfortable as I would like them to be. I have tried doing some work out videos in these but they do not have very good support for lunges, leans, squats etc. They are strictly for running! The are really cute and sometimes I wear them with jeans.
Although I had reservations at first after reading some negative reviews, I bought these shoes. I am a size 8 and ordered a size 8...they fit perfectly. Fast shipping. I've gone running in them every day since I got them. Would totally buy them again.
I run half marathons. I have purchased Pearl Izumis for several years. I couldn't find a PI with the new specifications that I was searching. My husband who also runs halfs, loves Asics. I was willing to give them a try. I read "all" the reviews on this shoe before ordering, so I ordered my true size. I sent the first pair back and ordered a half size larger. The second pair arrived and it felt okay on the carpet. I attempted to run a 4.0 mile trail run. After a mile and a half my feet were in pain. I walked back to my car miserable. With Pearl Izumis there isn't a break in period for short runs. Since I ran in the dirt with these shoes, I have to keep them, but will only use them for walks. Expensive walking shoes! They get dirty really easy due to the black base. If you are a serious runner...I wouldn't recommend these shoes.
At first I purchased my normal running shoe size (8 1/2); however, it had way too much length at the top.  I sized down to an 8, it was perfect.  This shoe feels really good.  It's light, but when you hit the ground, every step feels supported and natural.  This is probably the best running shoe I've had.  The only thing is I wish the colors were more neutral, but that's okay too.
The Asics design on the outside of the shoe is nice, but on the inside it's a fake, plastic looking design...cheap looking and not the pretty color as on the outside. Didn't really care for the look of this shoe. Something has changed with Asics sizing. I have 2 pair of older Asics shoes, both 7.5 (my usual size). Ordered these in a 7.5 and they are too small. Arch support seemed a little off too, maybe just because the shoes are too small? Shoes seem a bit too snug all over and I'm not sure all that can be attributed to the smaller size. Very different fit than what I'm used to with Asics. Not what I expected.
This shoe fits great! I love the way they feel and the memory foam makes it so much more comfy! I can wear them to work all day, then wear them to the gym and my feet never hurt or ache! I have found that Asics shoes run about 1/2 size smaller than Nike.
Awesome shoes. I came out of a pair of New Balance ultra lights, and was a little skeptical of trying something different, but these have been grate. For what its worth I have a mild over pronation and am a pretty small guy. All in all a good shoe. They did seem to run big and i had to swap down a half size. 
