New Balance Classics ML525
I still have not decided if I want to keep these or send them back. They look great and fit fine except that they are very tight in the toe area, right where the laces end toward the front of the shoes. I ordered them in a wide size as I have wide feet, but even then they are still tight. I also cannot put any orthotics or inserts in them without the tightening being even worse (with the laces loosened all the way). I ordered a different style in a 7½ but they were too big, even though I wear an 8. I got the 7 and the length is perfect, but they are too narrow. I am really on the fence as I really like the style and ankle support.
Great casual shoe. Very slippery on wet smooth surfaces. This is not a great fitting shoe by any means, but it's perfect for wearing around a college campus or the city. I have square (wide feet) and short toes and one foot is a half size smaller than the other. So, finding a shoe that properly fits is rare for me. This shoe fits my right foot perfectly. I just don't think about my left foots condition. The shoe looks great with jeans or khakis. For the price, they're not bad.
Though it is a nice looking shoe, the sizing was a total fantasy. They fit as if they were at least a half size smaller than labeled and the width was much narrower than the stated width. Also arch support did not exist in this shoe. 
I was very pleased with this purchase. It's true to size - it's a very light weight shoe; feels like your walking on air. 
Great for walking long distances and all-day comfort wear. I highly recommend them; I wish there were more colors.

Really a sneaker for show, rather than performance. And since the style options for my foot width (2E) are really limited, I try to make do with a standard width shoe like this that's a half size bigger. It works for the most part.

The uppers look great and appear sturdy. I recommend replacing the native insole with a better one for more arch and heel support.

If I get a year out of them, I'll be happy, given the price.
