Pro-Keds Royal CVO
So far these have been fantastic sneakers. The color is a strong blue, and the racing stripe on the side of each shoe is a nice touch. The canvas is thicker and much more substantial than similar shoes, that makes these a bit better for wearing in cooler temperatures. You will not want these during a blizzard, but they will be just fine for a chilly fall evening. Sizing is true to size, I wear an 8 normally and an 8 in these feels great. And unlike most canvas sneakers, these have a fully removable padded insole. It is surprisingly comfortable, but the insole is not arched. Considering that these are cheaper than the two nearest competitors (Converse Ox and Vans Authentic) and the addition of the removable insole, the Pro-Keds CVO sneakers are a great choice for those looking for casual and subtly designed shoes.
Great casual shoe. Handsome and versatile. Fits true to size and goes really well with jeans. Super comfortable to wear around the city. 
This shoe is about the same quality as the Vans brand of the same type. After using these shoes a few hours a day over a month however, the threads started coming apart from the shoe. Also, this was on sale at the time I bought it, so maybe that was the issue? I know Pro-Keds for their quality and timelessness, but I was sad to see it coming apart at the seams. On a sizing note, make sure you get half a size larger than you usually would. If you try on Vans at a store, you will understand. These follow the same sizing and I used that to determine what I should get.
These shoes were just a tad too short and a tad too narrow. Usually I don't have that problem in either direction. I am going to order a half a size up. 

Pro Keds Royal - 

Glad Ked's went back to the blue heal logo. I just wish they would have used the original classic type style. If your going to to it, do it right. Had to order a size and a half up to get a comfortable fit. When Keds were made in the U.S. they were true to size. Nice style. I wish they'd take that sill logo sewn on the tongue off. I have to cut it off with each pair. I hate logos. These are supposed to be classic shoes. Less is more people at Keds!  I bought the navy and all black. I wish Keds would make an all navy with navy soles like the all black. Then, they'd have something. I wonder who decides this stuff. I guess I shouldn't complain too much. You couldn't even buy men's Keds for years.
