ASICS GT-2170™
I was looking for some comfortable shoes before I went to Europe.  Knowing I would do more walking than usual. I ordered about 3 weeks ahead of time to make sure they were broken in. Asics have always been good to me, especially since they come in wider sizes than most manufacturers.  
I've been a long time wearer of the Asics Kayano line, although a few years ago I had a pair of GT2130's that I liked. My previous experience with the GT2130's swayed my decision to replace my worn out Kayano 16's and try out the GT2170's. As of this review I have run about 20 miles in these shoes. I have average arches, moderately wide feet and wear a 10EE. I've found that the GT2170's have a more narrow fit than comparably sized Kayanos. In fact, the overall profile of this shoe is narrow and long, even in the 10EE size. I've found that I have a difficult time getting my heel locked down into the shoe so it doesn't slip, although there is generous memory foam padding around the ankle & heel. Running in the 2170's is a fairly plush ride, with more cushioning than support & stability. The overall design of the shoe would best fit someone with a narrower foot, and because of this I'll be switching back to Kayanos once these GT2170's are worn out.
Bought 1st pair and after wearing entire day, I will give 4 stars. Appearance is noteworthy to me as I really don't like the little white reflector on the instep. For crissakes, I want all black. Fail. Also, there is white speckle paint splatter on sole arch to heel on both shoes -- should have sent them back but won't bother. Otherwise comfortable fit to size. I wear Size 12 EE and not happy of the few choices for Asics brand. I want to buy another Asics but I don't want anything with blue, white, or silver.
This is a great shoe. I've used this series for several years (2140, 2150, 2160). I run 20+ miles/week. I typically get 250-300 miles out of this shoe. The 2170 does not seem to last as long (the tread wears out quicker than previous models). It seems to fit 1/2 size small, so order 1/2 size larger.
I have  been buying the 2100 series of this shoe for years for my husband.  His feet are a little on the wide side but a wide width is too wide.  This shoe gives his toes plenty of room and had good arch support.  He has two pairs, one for running and one for everyday.  He runs about 6 miles a day, every day and these shoes last about 6 months.  The everyday shoes easily last a year plus maybe a few more months.  These shoes are virtually the same every year so I can always order the same size every year and they fit perfectly.  
I wear a 14B, and my last three running shoes were in the 2000 series - which provided the best fit. The toe box on the 2170 has been reduced in size and is too small for me.
It is my 8th pair of Asics 2170s (or their previous model equivalents). Fit is consistent (as always, 1/2 size up from normal shoe size for running), and they are as comfortable as always.
These are the best running shoes! This is the first time that I do not have to use Superfeets. They run true to size, provide good arch support. And are a great color, too.
These shoes are not 2E in width. They fit more like a medium width. I ordered them for my daughter who has very wide feet and she could not wear them. I thought she had to be mistaken,but then I tried them on my size 7 medium feet and sure enough they were snug on my feet! Too bad as they were really cute sneakers with a good amount of stability.
I have been loyal to the Asics "2100" series.  The "2170" is another good one and Asics has succeeded in not making major changes as the series has progressed.  After the "2190" where are they going to go?  Ha!  Back to this shoe, though the size is a true fit, the toe box feels a little large and so does not give me the same support as other 2100's have.  Would still recommend the shoe to a mid-level runner, putting in 20-25 miles per week.  (Also I get lots of compliments on the rather bright colors of laces and trim!) 
Don't know if I can review - bought locally at a store that allowed exchanges for 30 days. Bought a size 9, even though I wear an 8-1/2 in all other shoes. Took a walk in them on the indoor track at my health club, felt like toes were being squeezed and going numb after only 30 minutes. Exchanged today for 9-1/2 and walked in them for errands. So far so good. The support feels good and the heels fit without rubbing or hurting. Will do my exercise walking later or tomorrow and will find out for sure.
Love these Asics.  I have been a long time Asics wearer as I am thrilled they come in my size (12 Narrow).  These offer great support and stability, and they look great -- in my size I am glad to find a good running shoe in something other than white!  
