Vasque Rift
The size 10 is too small for my husband. I will be ordering one size larger.

It's a sturdy shoe, good support for pronation. I disagree with the "runs small" comments from others. It runs narrow, which may make it feel small. I'm returning these 10s for a 9.5 my usual size which I think will work perfectly, plus there are better color choices. I'd score it a 5 all the way around but I will have to skip the top two eyelets when lacing for enough room at the front of my ankle.
Searching for a hiking/trail shoe. Gosh, I wanted to LOVE this shoe - the green color is spectacular, and it doesn't have that ugly running shoe look. Maybe my fault? Is it a mountaineering shoe? The vibram sole is super grippy, but the shoe has zero arch support,a very flat sole, and minimal cushion. Tried a variety of inserts, but just not anataomically comfortable for a lot of walking. At least not for me.  It's GORGEOUS... but more like a flat traditional sneaker in the way it feels. Cute for casual wear, though, and not uncomfortable. Just not right for what I need.  Sized well. I ordered a half-size up to accomodate socks. Purchased a Golite shoe, instead.  Love it.
Love it so much I ordered another color. I purchased this shoe after reading other reviews indicating that the shoe ran narrow. I have a very narrow foot (4A) and this shoe fits wonderfully with a medium weight hiking sock. Based on prior reviews I ordered a half size up, and the shoes fit perfectly. There is no slippage in the heel and the toe box is perfect as well. I wore the shoes on a day hike. The trail was wet and slippery, the shoes performed well on gravel, clay, mud and wet asphalt. I am delighted with the shoes. Everyone on the trail complimented me on the shoes and asked where I bought them. Style and performance! Can't beat that! I bought the slate black/scuba blue, which is brown and turquoise just like in the picture. I just ordered the pesto/beluga. It is so difficult to find quality shoes that fit. Gotta stock up when I find 'em!
I have a purple pair and I love them. But I ordered a 7.5 which is my true size. I wish I had ordered an 8. They fit if I wear thin socks but not if I wear athletic socks. I would order a half size larger. I have very narrow feet and these are wonderfully snug and fit my heels. They are rugged and need very little breaking in. I would recommend them just order a bit bigger.
