Stride Rite Austin H&L Core (Toddler/Youth)
Great school shoes. Very comfy. Come in multiple widths, so you don't have to put your child in a larger size (so they are tripping!) - just to get the shoe to fit. Have used for 2 years now, on both kids and hold up great! Tried other brands - but nothing else fits properly. Use for my daughter and son even though I think they are advertised as a boys shoe.
Podiatrist approved all black velcro shoe for wide feet. I took these shoes into my son's podiatrist and he confirmed they were supportive enough for my son. My son needs to have: Room for orthotic inserts, quite wide width, a strong back of heel for support, sturdy non-elastic velcro, all black leather (for uniform). That leaves this as the only shoe we have ever found that works on all counts. My son has worn them exclusively for his past 5 sizes, and we are continuing. He's very active and owns only this one pair of shoes at a time, so these get utterly pounded daily. By the time he needs a new size, the shoes need replacing. We probably push it a little, but if your child isn't very hard on shoes or wears a different pair of shoes even sometimes, then you'll have no problem. They do respond well to shoe polish (or even sharpie marker in a pinch).
I really like these shoes and they are true to size. Rugged enough for an 8 year old boy, but not too overly bulky and heavy. They go great with his school uniform and offer much support in the heel area, which is why I specially bought these shoes, my son previously cracked his heel and the podiatrist recommended a solid, steady shoe that would help keep his foot in place (especially in the heel area). Some shoes are too soft, these aren't. Also, no need to worry about shoes coming untied.
Super sturdy basic white school sneaker. True to size, and my son loves them!

These shoes are great for school!  I purchased them for my son to wear with his school uniform and he loves them.  They are comfortable, run true to size, and look like a dress shoe.  My older son wore this style for a number of years as well, and was sad when he grew out of them!  I would recommend these.
Great Shoe!
Great shoe as always. Width and size perfect. Stride Rite shoes are great for my boys with extra wide feet!

