New Balance WX813
Holy cow, are these comfy shoes! I feel like I am wearing supportive slippers in these things! They are stretchy on the top, and super cushiony inside! I bought them to do general circuit training workouts, and usually I don't wear my gym shoes outside, so now I have to get another pair so I have one to wear just running around since they are that comfortable! They could be a little more supportive, I guess, but then I think you exchange a little comfort, so you choose. I always wear a size 10 in athletic shoes and have never bought a size 11. but I had to buy a size 11 in these. Just keep that in mind.
Thanks to the review from Anonymous, December 7, 2011! I ordered and returned at least 20 pair of shoes (no lie!)in search of the perfect trainer for me. I am doing Jillian Michaels Body Rev and some high impact aerobics, and after workouts of each in these shoes, my feet don't hurt and actually feel like they're getting stronger. The shoes provide the cushion I need for the ball of foot but also the flexibility to allow my feet to move and my muscles to strengthen. And I can feel the floor!! Too much cushion and the shoe works to stabilize, rather than my muscles. I'm a 9.5 M but because of wide feet I typically go up a half size. In these I am a 9.5 W. I can finally proceed to working out and losing my weight!! BTW, I am 53, 5'8 and 200 lbs. and used to be reasonably athletic. I prefer athletes' reviews of sports shoes but totally appreciate the nurses reviews! 
I ordered these to wear while doing P90X- specifically, plyometrics (high impact aerobics). I was a bit worried about not being able to get them in a wide width. I love these shoes! They are so light weight but very soft to the touch. The fabric is very forgiving, so they are not too tight on my wide feet. The size 9 fit true to size. I don't know how well these would hold up in the real world, but for indoor or gym activities, aerobics, zumba etc they are awesome!
These look cute but I should have listened to the reviews that said they run small. I wear a size 10 wide. These were both too short in the length and not wide enough. Very disappointing because they look so nice and I was eager to try them on the machines at the gym.
These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! True to size and light, flexible, no binding anywhere.
Listen to the reviews that say these shoes run a half sized smaller and save yourself some time! I  had to return them for a larger size. Now that I  have the correct size, I love these shoes. I use them for working out at the gym and they are great on the treadmill and other cardio machines. What i like most is that they are very lightweight and flexible. Also look great too. Just perfect for the price.
Very comfortable, lightweight shoe.  Fit true to size but did seem narrower than standard. Works great in my TaeBo classes. I also love the colors!
These have been the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worked out in.  I always have foot pain after doing Zumba, but these gave optimal cushioning and control, while still being very light weight.  I had to return the first pair to get a half size larger, so they run a little short.
Great gym shoe! I was tired of forcing my running shoes to be all-purpose workout shoes, so I did some research on cross-trainers. Since I love New Balance (the 890 is my go-to running shoe) I bought the 813 in the black/blue combo. Initially I bought a 6.5 since that is the size of my New Balance 890's, but they were too short. The toe box is not as long in these as regular running shoes, so you may need to go up a half size. Width is average, and there is little to moderate arch support. This are not motion-control/stability shoes so if you over-pronate you might want to look elsewhere! This shoe supports me much better in aerobic classes, on cardio machines, and while weight lifting. With my NB 890s I will stick to road running, with these 813s I will hit the gym!
