Saucony PowerGrid Cortana
Excellent shoes, lightweight and stable. I am using them to help stabilize a bad ankle and they are working very well. I am able to take long walks again! I intentionally bought a large size so that they would fit over an Ace bandage wrap and leave room for an orthotic. Then I had a full-length lift added to the right shoe, and both soles replaced with Vibram. That added a lot to the price, but now they are perfect for me.
Super comfortable. They might seem like they run small at first but once you get them on, they settle on your feet like socks. So order true to size.
Love Saucony shoes! True to size, love the "white, blue, orange" combo. I think I'll be ordering these in another color. Extremely comfortable right out of the box. Not as arch supportive as I would have liked, but I can add an orthotic easily.
I just got this shoe in yellow. I am so glad that Saucony is coming out with these neon colors. I already have the green and they're the lightest athletic, running shoe I have ever had. The price is a bit much, but it doesn't need breaking in. I had seen the orange color in the man's sizes and was so hoping it would be available in the woman's sizes too. It wasn't so I ended up with the neon yellow. Arch support is good, nothing I can say negative about this shoe. I notice that some go up a size. I found it true to size. I ordered it late last Thursday night and it was here the next morning. Can't beat that.
I love Sauconys and have worn them for years, however these run very small.I held them up to several other pairs of my Sauconys and sure enough they are smaller! This is an important consideration when your feet are already size 11 like mine...be advised. Love the shoe but do wish I had ordered up a size, not as comfortable as my others due to size but they look sharp.
These shoes were so very comfortable and light weight right out of the box. I feel like I keep wanting to run in them. I bought a half size bigger as I usually do in running sneakers. My only problems with them is that they offer little arch support. My arches were aching and hot after the first mile. I had to put a pair of Mizuno innersoles in the shoe which have more of an arch to them.
