PF Flyers Center Lo Re-Issue - Leather
Super cute! Super comfy! I am a solid size 6, but ordered a 5.5. They are perfect! Removable insole is awesome, but so soft and cushiony that I will never take it out. Recommend.
This is a great option for someone looking for a classic white sneaker for the Spring and Summer, but wants something different from the ubiquitous Jack Purcell and Converse sneakers. The minimalist design is very in style, and the back stripe on the heel even lends a sort of Thom Browne feel (with out paying the price Thom Browne would charge). This sneaker is true to size, but fits a bit narrow in the toe box at first. However, the rubber on the sides of the toe box will give after one or two wears, and will provide ample width for your toes. I have wide feet and they have adjusted very nicely. The sole is pretty decent and much better than anything Converse would have to offer. However, I replaced the sole with a Superfeet insert, as I do with all my shoes. These look fantastic with a pair of classic, deep-indigo denim rolled up; shorts; khakis; and as a shoe with swim wear on the way to the beach.
This is a great option for someone looking for a classic white sneaker for the Spring and Summer, but wants something different from the ubiquitous Jack Purcell and Converse sneakers. The minimalist design is very in style, and the back stripe on the heel even lends a sort of Thom Browne feel (with out paying the price Thom Browne would charge). This sneaker is true to size, but fits a bit narrow in the toe box at first. However, the rubber on the sides of the toe box will give after one or two wears, and will provide ample width for your toes. I have wide feet and they have adjusted very nicely. The sole is pretty decent and much better than anything Converse would have to offer. However, I replaced the sole with a Superfeet insert, as I do with all my shoes. These look fantastic with a pair of classic, deep-indigo denim rolled up; shorts; khakis; and as a shoe with swim wear on the way to the beach.
This shoe is comfortable. The foot bed is cushioned so you can walk without your feet feeling tired after awhile. I typically order Keds but I wanted comfort and thought I'd give these a try. I ordered a 1/2 size larger and that worked for me.
What a great shoe, fits perfect. Tried one on in local store to get size and had to order an half size smaller than tried on in store. Was glad that I did or I would have had a shoe that was too big. The comfort is great and the arch support is better than I thought. The shipping was fantastic, ordered on a Monday and I received them on Tuesday. Very happy with my purchase.
This shoe looks so cool; I enjoy wearing what I wore as a child. There is minimal if any arch support, but otherwise the shoe feels great. I ordered the size I normally wear and the length and width are perfect.
Skipped a generation - 
So I'm a 53 year old gramma who bought the PF Flyer Navy Center Lo canvas re-issue size 6. I remember them from the early 60's, and they look and feel the same as they did then, and they are FUN.
My 10 year old grandaughter saw them and has twice tried to swipe them from me. "COOL shoes gramma Jean!" So now I've got to get her an identical pair to be able to keep mine.

