ASICS GEL-Nimbus® 14
My son loves this shoe and finding a shoe  that fits his narrow size 16 foot is very annoying but he loved this shoe so much because it molded to his foot and he says it is like walking on clouds. I just hope for my wallets sake that his feet stop growing because cheap good-looking shoes are harder to find the bigger the size.
Actually, for me, these are more comfortable than the Cumulus. They have more soft support, more gel support. I had these on today at a running shoe store. The reason I have not ordered these is because I have previous silver Nimbus shoes and these look too similar. The other two colors will not work for me. And also, I have been wearing Cumulus shoes the majority of the time so I am quite used to them. They are fantastic shoes, though. If you want a step up from the Cumulus, these are the ones. They are for the neutral feet. They fit true to size in every way.
Having a flat foot has always made finding a stable running shoe very difficult. The Asics gel nimbus give me enough support and mold to my feet perfectly.  I find Asics always reliable products from the sneaker to apparel, and the sneakers always run true to size. 
This is another great shoe from ASIC, with the exception that it is a bit less supportive around the ankle.  Other than that, I love the color, stability, and comfort.  True to size.
I have a high arch and small feet - size 5. This shoe is perfect for me. I've had all sorts of knee problems until I started running in these shoes. They are perfect for me.
Best running shoe I've found.  I started with the 13s and the 14s are even better.  Just be aware that every pair - even the same size - fits slightly differently.  So keep trying and you won't be sorry!  
I've gotten these shoes for years, but on this pair the toe box is noticeably smaller and the material seems a bit flimsy. If you plan to get them, order a size larger than your normal. I'm sending mine back.
I have a bone sticking out of the back of my foot and could not find any sneakers that were tolerable to wear. I ordered these in a wide size. They still do not feel quite wide enough if I am exercising, but my feet do not hurt at all if I am just walking around. I would recommend them.
I found these run large. I have always taken a size 11½ in Asics. The Nimbus-11 were my first running shoes and my favorite. I also wore the Nimbus-12 then my disappointment led me to Brooks Glycerine 8, (also 11½). With all the improvements to the Asics GEL-Nimbus 14 , I was eager to try them so I ordered my usual 11½ size. They feel half a size too big. I wore them outside for a couple runs and would not feel right returning them at this point. Be aware that you may need to try these on first and if you are on the fence about returning them for a smaller size, just do it. Half a size too big is too sloppy and blisters are just not fun. Other than the size issue they are super comfortable with the memory foam addition. I like the style and I am thinking of ordering another pair in size 11 just to give them a fair shot.
