Keen Kids Sula Leather (Toddler/Youth)
Love these shoes so much that I'm planning on getting some for myself! We ordered these for our 3 1/2 twin girls, and they are cuter than we expected. Seem sized well, with good cushioning, while still flexible. Really goes well with all their clothes. Our girls love them! We've had hit and miss success with Keens. They're always good shoes, but some we've had to return because they are so built up that the size is unforgiving and runs small. These are the best Keens we've had so far!
We love this shoe or keen shoes period I should say! I ordered these for my 3-year old little girl in navy and brown. Although the brown pair are sold as boy shoes they are just as cute and if you ask me are pretty unisex my girl always gets so many compliments on all her Keen shoes. We have ordered about 6 pair of Keen shoes for her from sneakers to sandals and are always happy with style and function. They're super easy for her to slip on and off although they always run about a full size bigger that's okay for me, she gets longer use out of them!
Great shoes and true to size. I bought a pair for each of my kids. Easy to put on and comfortable, too. Highly recommended!
These run at least a half size too big. They are a really fun color and look like they'll be great for school.
A feminine touch to basically a skaterboarding type shoe.  We bought them because the colors were so fun; however, this shoe runs big.  Even if we go a half size down, it will still be wide.  Even though my daughter has a normal width foot, she has a high arch and sometimes can get away with such sizing in a casual play shoe.  Not this time.
My 2 year old son loves these shoes. They are nice looking, sturdy, and very easy to get on and off. I've found this style runs slightly bigger than the same sized Keen sandals. I'll keep buying these as my son grows. 
I am so happy with this purchase for my 3 year old son. They were on sale and well worth the price. I love that they are a neutral brown and could go with a 'fancier' look or casual. My son has a wide foot and the normal width fit just fine. They don't have half sizes though and my son is in between sizes so these are a bit big at a size 11. 
We like these a lot. I actually bought them for my four year old daughter, although they are more of a boyish style. This brown color goes pretty much with all her clothes, whether toned down or vibrant in color, and we like that they are water repellent and on the thicker side for warmth. It does get cold and wet up here in the Pyrenees Mountains. The size is perfect, they are comfortable and easy for her to put on by herself. They are a bit on the heavy side, but that does not seem to be a problem for her. She has already been wearing them a few days throughout summer with no complaints, but they will be even better for fall.
