Chrome Kursk Pro
Bought the Chromes for the obvious reason and absolutely love them. Great on my bike and the SPD system works as well as my old road bike shoes. Comfortable to walk in and out of work and around in on errands. Don't think I could ever just wear them for a full day of walking about, because the platform for the SPD is so rigid. Great stylish shoe, but it takes awhile to break in and I would probably get a half size smaller next time (while breaking them in, they tended to ride up and down my heel until I could lace them tighter after the canvas gave a bit). Anyway, great shoes and I'd buy them again!
The best part of these shoes is that I can commute in them and not feel like I have a pair of bike shoes on when I get off the bike. The shoes fit is not the best, even in a size smaller I still have a lot of heal slip, which can be a bit of a problem if you ride a track bike and your only means of braking is skidding. These shoes will still make a bit of noise when walking on concrete, like most bike shoes, but not as bad as a normal pair. The stiffness in the shank is great when riding but not the best for walking. Overall these are the most functional and visually appealing bike shoe for everyday commuting or casual riding.
Good stuff! Cycled to the beach and walked across some berms, even a jetty made of giant rocks. Great if you're taking a short ride to a chill destination. They look like normal shoes but definitely don't feel like sneakers after a few hours. Can't wear them all day at work, and they get hot-spots if I ride over 50 miles. Perfect for the commute or a ride to a bar/show. I ordered 1/2 size smaller but they still feel snug. Wear and tear is at a minimum after 8 months of daily usage. Can't say the same about my CrankBros cleats, they are a bit worn from the occasional contact to the 'crete. Love them, but still have extra shoes at work and am looking for carbon shoes for the long rides. 
Buy a half to a full size down and prepare to make some sacrifices if you want a sneaker for clipless riding. Having a shoe that is also a fairly comfortable sneaker is a bonus. Yes, there is a little clicking but not bad for a riding shoe. Stiff enough for support but flexible enough to still feel like a sneaker. As many people have said on many sites, the heel slip is a definite negative. I do not notice while I am riding. The main issue is this: to get the best fit possible for the heel, I ordered a whole size down (after trying a half). The toe cap is stiff enough that now I get pretty bad toe bang. Maybe try the Midway Pro first? All this being said, I do not know of anything else out there that is not hideous and/or impractical for a biking/walking use and I wear mine almost every day for errands. As always, Zapppos is great!
I had ordered these three days ago. They look sharp and a bit on the heavy side. Walking on them were a bit awesome because they do not flex due the the sole. People are right about the sizing (if you decide to order, order 1 size or half size smaller). I wore them for about an hour and a half during my 18 miles ride. They do not fit right and have no arch support. The right pinky and adjacent toe felt restricted and had no circulation; I loosened the laces and that was too loose. I am returning the shoes today.
I actually haven't used them yet, but they are really nice.
I do usually wear size 13 and these are 12.
Buy smaller!
The other reviews are right! Order an entire size smaller than you actually wear. Shoes are perfectly weighted and extremely stylish. Clips are inset so you can walk on the shoes with clicking. These are my first bike shoes and I can definitely say I'll be shopping for more Chrome products in the future. Bravo!
As per Chrome's recommendation, buy a full size smaller than normal. Fit is good, cleat fits well into bottom, riding feels like my other Look cleats with Pearl Izumi shoes.
This shoe is a great idea, but the fit is so off. I normally wear a size 10 US or 43 EU but I had to go down to an 8.5US which had my toes kind of tight. For the shoe to stay on my heel I had to tighten the laces uncomfortably tight. Unfortunately, I'll have to wait for the next version.

These shoes are really nice SPD compatible sneakers. Unfortunately, they ran so large I had to return them and buy them locally since I wasn't sure what size would actually fit, if any. Beware the size issue if placing an order for these shoes. I ended up getting a full size lower than what I normally wear.  
