Scarpa Spark
I'm on my third pair of these. The rubber is stickier than average, but not as good as some of the offerings from La Sportiva or Five Ten. These shoes have a wide toe box which makes them quite comfortable for my feet. They are reasonably light at 11.5oz for a size 45. The rock plate is very effective for such a light shoe. They dry very quickly, if you wring your socks out after a stream crossing they will be bone dry within 30 minutes. The insole is high quality and is much better than what you get with your average shoe. I only got about 200 miles out of each of my first two pairs, but that was with a lot of off-trail scrambling, so I would imagine they would last longer for most people. If these things had Stealth rubber on them I would buy 10 pairs and never wear another shoe. 
Just rec'd my new Sparks. Tried 'em on and they fit pretty true to size, maybe a tad big (room at the toes, take a 9 and order 42.5). Have not run in 'em yet, but walked the trails close to home and they are comfy and fell really light. Should be a good alternative day shoe to my North Face Single Tracks. Glad to see Scarpa in the trail running game.
I got these shoes last week and have been out on the trail since. I have been looking for a shoe that will be good for backpacking on the Northville Lake Placid Trail. It needs to be light but offer protection from rocks, dry quickly, and provide decent traction in mud. I have been running in VFFs for the last few years so low drop was important and all the big trail tanks (mountain masochist) felt huge and overbuilt. I wear a 45.5 in VFF and the Spark fits well in the same size. Traction and feel is great on firm trails as well as slippery conditions. Deep mud (ankle deep) reduces traction considerably but the shoe sheds the mud fast. It also dries quickly. I've worn two different socks and that seems to be more important in determining how quick my feet dry since the shoe was dry. The rock plate is great. I wore them yesterday with a 25lb pack and rocks and roots weren't a problem. I really love this shoe and feel it will withstand any trail I hike or run. 
