Keds Champion Solids
I was looking to buy a pair of Converses, but I have big feet and high arches and the Converses felt like foot torture. So I decided to go with these Keds (mine were in orange) which are probably two times as comfortable and a billion times cuter. They look awesome with skinny jeans, cropped jeans, roll-ups, practically anything! If you're looking for a cute pop of color that's more unique than your run-of-the-mill Converse One-stars, choose Keds! (Note: I would order half a size larger than your actual foot size. Keds tend to be a bit tight if you order your actual size, so for comfort purposes, try to make sure you can wear them with low socks.)
I am 5'8" tall, wear size 8 shoes pretty consistently, have relatively high arches and wide feet. This is my second pair of these sneakers in different colors. The purple is cute but looks a little lighter in person. I found that I needed an 8½ in these shoes rather than an 8. These sneakers have decent arches (no extra orthotics needed) and fits my wide feet even though they do not look very wide! I bought these sneakers to use for swing dancing where flat shoes are a necessity. It requires some sanding of the bottoms to get them to be a little more slippery on the dance floor.
I haven't worn Keds since junior high, but these are great. The color is a nice soft lavender, so it should be pretty versatile, and the shoes are comfy and true to size. Great with casual skirts, shorts, and capris. 
I love these shoes. They're really narrow, but I had to order a size down from my normal 7.5 to 6.5. 
I love the lilac color! After looking at other reviews, though, I ordered a size up (8 instead of 7) since many people said the shoe was quite narrow. I have a wide foot, and usually a 7 1/2 will do it. However, going up to an 8 did not work for me. The shoe was too long. I hate when there are no half-sizes. I might try my true size of a 7. I imagine the width won't be too much different for a 7. I also have pretty flat feet and there is small arch support for those who have more of a normal arch.
For me, these are a great spring/summer staple. I've been wearing them almost every day since I purchased them in May. They fit true to size and the color is as pictured on the site. If you want the perfect casual, comfortable, and hip shoe, look no further than Keds.
Very cool shoe! I wear them to school and have gotten tons of compliments! They're very comfortable and run true to size. However, the standard width is narrow. If you fit into a normal Standard/M width shoe, I recommend getting the wider width. I'm extremely happy with these Keds!
These shoes came so fast, it was great. And they are true to size, so they fit perfectly.

