Five Ten Galileo
With these shoes I feel like I can walk straight up on a wall, their grip is amazing. I can count on putting all my weight on any ledges no matter how small because they just don't fail to keep you stable. After breaking them in, they are insane comfortable for the job they do. Although the size shoe for women marked did not work, they were too small and I now have what would be a size bigger than my regular shoe size.
I bought these shoes in a bind because I wore out the toe in my La Sportiva Miuras and had to send them to be re-soled. I sized them a half size down from my street shoes and they fit tight, but not painfully so. The first time I wore them I didn't even think to remove them until after belaying the second up to my belay station. So far, I think they are similar in fit and performance to the Miuras. I climb mostly granite slabs and finger and hand cracks at a moderate level (5.6-5-10). Hopefully they will stretch a tiny bit and the Onyx rubber will wear. I climb outdoors two times a week and my Miuras lasted almost a year before they needed to be re-soled. If I had to choose between the two, I would choose the Miuras because the speed lacing is just as fast to get on and off as the Velcro, and it definitely allows you to fine tune the fit better. Next pair of shoes I'm getting is TC Pros; expensive, but based on rave reviews of everyone that has them, well worth it.

These shoes are great for edging and support your foot well.  The toebox is roomy, which gives some relief when sizing tightly.  After a few climbs the uppers give very slightly, providing a snug, but not painful fit.  The padded upper liner is comfortable.  I bought these at my street shoe size and my toes are moderately curled.  The heel design is comfortable and was solid on my last bouldering trip.  The heel height and angle are high, but it gets more comfortable after breaking-in.  It will fit higher volume feet better than narrow, low-volume feet.  Mine are toward the narrow end, but the velcro straps cinch up well.  Great shoe!
Good Shoe - 
I just purchased these shoes a week ago and since then I was excited just to get them and take them to a wall. I am very impressed with the stealth onyx rubber, great performance.
I ordered them a half size larger then my street shoe, I wear an 11.5 normally. And they are still very snug but still comfortable I expect them to stretch a bit based on other people so far I am completely happy with these shoes. They are very supportive they don’t bend easily so if you’re a bigger person like me I weigh 205 and am 6 ft tall they are awesome. 
Phenomenal For Edging - 
I found these shoes to be great for edging. The Onyx is nice and sticky and the last is nice and supportive. The shoes feel good in the gym but are a little stiff for my taste as far as bouldering and steep are concerned. If you're on vert or tech there is no other choice (aside from the anasazi lace-ups). A great all-around shoe. If you had to choose one shoe for everything this would be the pair. They stretch a bit once broken in so take that into account when sizing. Over all pretty true to size as far as climbing shoes go.

Five Ten Galileo - 
These are very stiff and supportive. They're great for edging and the stickiness of the Onyx rubber makes them work pretty well for smearing too. The heal fits great with no signs of the air pockets for which the older Anaszis were notorious. They fit me pretty small and I had to go up a half size from my street shoes, but they hold my toes curled just right now.
Great Shoe - 
Very, very good rubber and a much improved heel for 5-10. Velcro closure is convenient and fast. Just one recommendation...if you are in between sizes go with the bigger of the two since this is an unlined shoe and it will not stretch. I wear 9.5-10.0 street and after suffering with a 9.5 pair for a month finally went to 10.0 and I'm not regretting if for a moment (fit is still fairly aggressive but not ridiculous). Overall great shoe go with street size and go up if in between sizes.
