Macbeth Eliot Vegan
The basic Eliot is a low profile and light weight shoe.  There are so many colours to choose from which is nice, some crazy colours and some simple colours.  The canvas outer is thin but durable, haven't had a rip like I have had in a pair of Converse.  The rubber on the toe despite what some others say has not ripped or peeled for me so I think it's a good addition. I have two pairs of 9.5's in the black/cement model and the black/black nylon model. The black/cement feel about half a size small while the black/black nylon feel perfect, so size I feel the Eliot is a hit or miss, though most seem to agree with it. The width is a bit tight but that's the point on this style of shoe, however the light material allows for some give.  Not much arch support so buy an insole if you have high arches The biggest issue I had with both was the inside heel cloth material ripping, uncovering the rough rubber and stitching not after too long of wearing them.  So when taking the shoes on and off, be gentle to avoid this problem and these shoes will last a while.
Great shoes! These were comfortable right out of the box with no break-in period necessary. They do run a little narrow, but long enough to order you regular size unless you have really wide feet. They look great, they are lightweight, and for the price, I love them! I will buy this brand in the future for sure.
Great shoe but make sure you get the correct size. I started getting really bad blisters but didn't want to get a new shoe so I put in some pads and the shoes are now great! I usually wear 10.5 - 11 men's but with this shoe should've gotten a 10 instead of 10.5.
Their sizes run much bigger than the other brands I own.  I found the shoes to be uncomfortable and ended up sending them back.
I love these shoes. I ordered a size smaller than my feet are and the shoes were a bit too small. I'd suggest buying half a size smaller. Overall though, it's a really nice, comfortable shoe.
Really narrow and about a half size bigger than marked, these are a vegan version of Chucks in my opinion and not worth the money. They look cooler that is about all.
I got the forest/white ones. I love the color. Also it's very comfortable. It is bigger so order one size down. But that wasn't a problem for me, since I will fill them in later on.
