Vivobarefoot Aqua Lite
These are exactly what they say they are. Nice wide toe box, plenty of room for your foot to do its thing, very thin and flexible sole. Many people are saying that the sizing is way off, in the end my sizing wasn't that far off. I'm usually around a US 10.5 and an EU 44.5. I think I usually order half a size too large, so my wider foot fits. So maybe I'm really a 10 or 44. Anyway, I ordered a 44, 45, and 46 to try on and kept the 45. It's a little big, so if they had half sizes I bet a 44.5 would be perfect. But I'm okay with the extra room. TL;DR it's a very straightforward shoe. As far as sizing is concerned, round up your current EU size and you should be good. They're very roomy shoes.
I normally wear US10.5 shoes, and I ended up needing a size EU45 (US12). Vivobarefoot does mention on their website that this shoe runs a full size small, and to order 1 to 1.5 sizes larger than you normally wear. I also normally wear E or 2E wide shoes, but these shoes have a wide enough toe box to fit very comfortably. The shoes are very comfortable, and I've gotten a lot of questions/interest from friends about the shoes. My only complaint is that after a few weeks of wearing every day the toe box has started to separate from the sole slightly, and now there is a visible gap between the sole and the top of the shoe on both the right and the left shoes. I have contacted Vivobarefoot asking about warranty/guarantees and am hoping to hear back soon.
Super comfy. Most of the Vivobarefoot shoes I've tried have been much smaller than the advertised size, but these fit great. Nice to be able feel the ground you're walking on. Worth a try if you're looking for a minimalist shoe.

Would have been a great shoe if the upper didn't aggressively restrict vertical movement of the toes. Otherwise it was fine, nice wide toebox (be sure to order a full size higher than your regular), grippy sole, best without the insole. The aqua-phobic upper materials held promise, but I didn't get to try that out because the toe box though wide enough, didn't raise high enough to comfortably accommodate my reaching and grasping toes-so it felt coffin-like. If they made this shoe with more height in the toe area it would be a keeper for me. Never got to try out the original canvas aquas or they might have made the cut (more flexible materials).
