Five Ten Camp Four
I just finished hiking over 70 miles in Philmont's wilderness in New Mexico after about a month of training hikes to break in.   No problems on the training hikes, but did get a couple of small heel blisters on the trip.  Overall the shoes did their job and protected my feet holding up well.  They served me well also on some boldering we did. I'm sure I'll get plenty of trips with these shoes.  More hiking and backpacking planned this summer.  I tried several sizes and got the shoes 1/2-1 size larger than I normally wear.
These are great shoes for hiking where you need traction. The sticky sole can't be beat. However, 5/10's sizing is horrible. I have several different pairs and they are all different. One is a size W10, one is a W9.5, and one is a W9. Once you get the correct size, the shoe works well. It is sturdy and durable.
Great shoes! They have a good fit, true to size, but I would recommend wearing them with a moderate to thick sock. The back of the shoe rubbed my ankle a little when I wore it with a thinner sock. When I wear them with my Thorlos, I have no problem with them and they feel good all day long. I've even gotten some compliments on how good they look. I haven't had a chance to wear them on a hike yet, but would definitely recommend them.
I heeded others' feedback regarding size and I tried a 9½ (I usually wear a 9). I had to return and get a 10. They are great for me with very thick socks. They are excellent hiking shoes on the rocks in the high desert of southern Utah. There is lots of cush, too.
I normally use a size 11 I have ordered a 11.5 and think they may still be too small.
I've had these shoes for about a week and they are great. True to size and the fit is good. They have been comfortable right out of the box. My only complaint which has also been reported by a previous reviewer is that they do leave makes on the kitchen floor. My hope is that this will go away with time. Great shoes with high quality construction.
I have so far been doing two 10 miles hike in the mountains with these shoes. I agree with other reviewers about the rubber sole which is very strong, sticky, and perfect for rocky terrain - you won't feel any pebble in your feet which is great. The shoe is overall very strong and the insole is accordingly a little rough to my taste. Maybe they will break-in with additional hikes but I doubt it. It is not really a shoe you'd like to wear everyday to do your grocery for example (compared to Merrell Siren). I need to put bigger hiking socks to be sure my feet won't get too tired. I would for this reason recommend you take half a size bigger to allow this. Otherwise, I believe they are great shoes, pretty too and can't wait to try them on for longer hikes. I recommend this product if you are looking for a sturdy hiking shoe that would be the level required just before hiking boots. The ankle is well supported and there is good shock absorption too as described. Enjoy hiking!
I have previously owned 2 pairs, which have performed most excellently; love the sticky rubber on wet or dry. The latest size/last fitting is slightly smaller, the latest design now includes the numeral 5 on the rubber rand surrounding the toe. Previous models just had an emblem.
This is an awesome, tough, hiking shoe with a very grip sole. The rubber gives much more grip on all surfaces (even when wet) than any other shoe I have used. It is really an asset when hiking on sketchy terrain. The build quality of the shoe looks OK, nothing special, but so far has proven durable. The shoe is not waterproof but when hiking in the rain my feet didn't get wet. If you get the shoes wet they take quite a while to dry so beware. The camp fours offer very nice heal support and stability and although they don't have a lot of cushioning its enough and has nice padding to make the shoe quite comfortable. Do not order a half size larger since this shoe is fairly high volume, order the size you measure on a Brannock device. Its best for normal to wide feet.
Love this shoe! Hiked rocky trails this weekend and experienced no slipping or sliding (it was a dry surface, however); shoes run small so order larger size if between. I normally wear a 7.5 and ended up using an 8.5. Very happy with this shoe; sturdy and lightweight!
I got these to replace my 4-year old sage green 5.10 approach shoes that I wore through the soles and insides and were the best shoes ever for my hiking-dog walking needs. Ended having to get 1/2 size bigger than the last time. Same super grippy soles and good fit on my feet. These go up higher on my ankles than my last pair...hoping it won't be an issue. So far, so good.
Love these hikers.  I ordered a size up, they seem to run small. Very well made.
I have had these shoes in the past and loved them. It seemed to run a 1/2 size smaller and the brown color on the back part of the shoe isn't very appealing. I will send back for a larger size since these were great hiking shoes when I had them before. 
The Camp Four seems to run on the small side.  I usually wear a size 8, but the 8 in this shoe feels a bit snug.  My other concern is that there is not much arch support.  But they\'re nice looking shoes, feel pretty stable and provide good traction.  So, I kept it and will just have to wear thinner socks!  
