New Balance MX20
Order one-half to one full size larger than normal. Otherwise, terribly comfortable shoes. Delightfully lightweight. Ideally flexible.

But the color selections are bloody awful. If anyone from New Balance is reading this, please, for the love of all that is holy, please continue manufacturing MX20, but do it in a neutral color like grey. I don't need shoes that glow in the dark.

I've purchased several pairs of MX20s. I hate the colors, but all the other traits keep me coming back.
I bought this shoe for CrossFit and really like it.  It has a flat sole, which gives great stability for lifts. It's not the best shoe for running, but I knew that going in.  For CrossFit it is a great all around shoe.  It runs small and I had to sent back my 13 for a 14. You should order them 1/2 to full size bigger.
This is a good minimalist shoe with more cushioning around the foot than the newer version.  They are not the super thin style material like a lot of the minimalist sneakers. They are good for the gym, crossfit, hiking, etc. I suggest you order a half size bigger as they run small.
I ordered these shoes almost exactly 2 months ago from today and I felt inclined to write a review. I feel people should be warned about these shoes before they buy them. First I want to say that after only two months these shoes are starting to fall apart at all the seams. These shoes do not have stitching but instead I believe are glued together. I do a combination of standard lifting and crossfit type workouts and these shoes do not seem built to handle it. Don't get me wrong - for the first month when these shoes were still together and working they were excellent and performed great but again quality is the key concern here not performance. I suppose it could have something to do with my size (over 220 lbs) and would probably better suit a lighter person. If all you want is a flat bottom simple looking shoe, then it's probably fine but if you expect to use them heavily, I would look for a more solidly built pair of shoes than this one.
A very lightweight athletic shoe. The upper is made from fabric, foam, and mesh, so it conforms to my foot pretty well. I have wide feet, and 2E felt right. I normally wear a size 9, and this shoe in 9.5 felt right when wearing thin athletic socks.
I have worn these shoes during a couple of HIIT workouts and a few hours of racquetball. I must say that I am very disappointed with the construction of the shoes from the comfort perspective, I have yet to see any unusual wear. Like another reviewer pointed out, the innersole/footpad does not extend all the way up to the front and side of the shoes. The soles of your feet will be touching two materials. In my case the ridge created by this construction rubs against the ball and the outer areas of my feet, and makes the shoes have that snug feeling in a bad way. It feels like the soles of my feet are not on even surfaces. Based on the feedback of another reviewer I continued to wear these shoes to break them in but I still experience this discomfort. Perhaps my feet are the ones that need to break in to accommodate the shoes that I now have to keep. I wear a size 9 and had to order 9½. I also ordered the 9½EE but they did not solve the ridge problem. I should also add that I went to my local New Balance store to try the MX20 v2 and they are completely different shoes with their own flaws, but the ridge was gone. That makes you wonder why. Also, how is it that more people do not point the innersole construction!
Disappointed in the sizing of these shoes. I have a pair of Minimus running shoes size 10 width D. I ordered the same size and the fit for this shoe - a shoe that seems nearly identical to its running mate - is way off.
Great for Crossfit. I have high arches and wide forefoot. These are awesome for my feet. I used a half-size larger. Good snug feel and does a great job of allowing you to feel the ground but still feel support in your foot. Thinking of buying a few more pairs of different colors. Black/red-trim are pretty sweet.
I'm a true minimalist. About the only time I wear shoes is at work. Elsewise I wear nothing at all or my sandals or Evos. Standing all day at work wasn't cutting it and these provide just the right amount of cushion and support while keeping me off the overstructured shoes I'd have to resort too otherwise. I normally wear a 12 wide in shoes and while there's less room in the 12-2e than I would like there's no rubbing or any problems that would warrent going a whole size up to 13 which would be too roomy for me.
I just got these shoes -- I've been wearing them for just a couple of hours now, most of that time sitting -- and already I've encountered one insurmountable problem. This shoe suffers from the same flaw that someone mentioned in a review of the New Balance MT20V2's: the inner sole/footpad/whatever you call it does not extend all the way up to the front of the shoe. This creates a "ridge" directly underneath your big toe. Your toe rubs against this ridge when you walk/run and it creates a great deal of irritation. It's safe to say continuing to wear these shoes will result in blisters unless you already have nicely callused feet. This is an unbelievable oversight for a shoe designed to be worn without socks. There are other minor problems. Although I ordered a wide and the toe box is adequate enough, the middle area is still narrow. This results in the shoe lace area being awkwardly wide and you have to carefully arrange the tongue to avoid exposing skin. The shoe also isn't quite as 'minimal' as other shoes out there. It's light, but not quite as light, it's not quite as flexible, it doesn't quite give you the same feel for the terrain, and the soles don't have quite the same grip as those shoes with the Vibram outsole. If you really want to buy New Balance, I'd recommend the original MT20 (not the V2's) if you can find them. That was a great shoe, but be warned that it runs very small. Get at least a half size larger than you normally would. I personally am getting turned off by New Balance because they have an irritating habit of discontinuing their most popular shoes, than coming up with a "similar" model that happens to cost 20-40% more.
The MX20 Minimus shoes fit Way too Small. Order a full size ip & they'll fit perfectly. These training shoes actually tilt feet inward to a knock-kneed stance and are not made for walking. But they are the best training shoes ever to "keep you on your toes" while running. Walkers hate 'em. Runners love 'em.
Bought for crossfit. Jury is still out on these. Genius idea, charge more for less shoe. The fabric seems to be tight on the inside/arch side and loose on the outside. Might push to role out a little, which I am inclined too so may be me. Feel better without socks. They are at least a half size smaller than listed. I am a 10.5 normally & ordered a 11 and can see my toe pushing up at the end of the shoe. Look okay & have the feel of sprint shoes with a little more heel support.
