Patagonia Drifter A/C
I bought the sable brown/bitter shoe, size 8 1/2 because I needed a pair of shoes to walk cobbled streets and wet pavement in England and muddy and rocky hiking trails in Scotland. I took three pairs of shoes with me: sandals, black leather shoes, and the Patagonia Drifter, which I ended up wearing the most because they were so comfortable. I hardly wore the sandals because it rained most of the days we were there and they were not the most comfortable on cobbled, uneven streets (I am in my late sixties). I wanted cushioned hiking shoes, so I added generic inserts. The shoe looks and is very wide in the front (which allows room for toes to wiggle), but that added to the comfort to the shoe which I wore with wool socks. The brown color coordinates well with khaki pants and I think the maroon trim soften the clunkiness of the shoe. They may not be the most attractive shoe, but at my age, "it's all about comfort!"
These shoes were immediately comfortable - a perfect cross between the sturdiness of a hiking boot and the lightweight comfort of a tennis shoe.  They are true to size with medium or light weight socks.
I wore these boots "out of the box" on a ten-mile hike at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon and found them comfortable and easy to wear. The thick tread and roomy, cushioned toe bed made me feel like I could hike in these boots forever. I'm sure they will last me for years. I was glad that I ordered them a half-size bigger than my usual shoe size in order to accommodate thick hiking socks.
I have a lot of trouble finding hiking shoes and boots that fit, but Merrells often work for me. This year, however, their hiking shoes felt too light - more sneaker than boot. In the search for a substitute, I've tried Asolo, Lowa, Salomon, Vasque, Keen and Patagonia hiking shoes. These Patagonias were the first ones that fit, and I really like the weight - more boot than sneaker. Plus they are good looking. Note that I replaced the removable footbeds with SOLE Signature EV Ultra footbeds (if you haven't discovered them, they provide awesome arch support). Without the SOLEs, I thought the back of shoe felt a little too high and like it might rub (it was noticeably higher than the Keens I ordered at the same time). With the SOLEs, it seemed perfect. So a few hours wearing them around the house - so far so good. I'm a pretty reliable 10 medium, and I'd say these are sized accurately.
Well made shoe. But, had to return. I am a solid 10 and from the reviews, ordered 1/2 size up. Way too small. Ordered size 11. They fit. But then I realized they are not waterproof. So back they went for another try at the Drifter A/C GTX, which are waterproof.
An all-around great shoe! They kept my feet warm and dry on a long cold hike.  Super comfortable! I did not have to break them in at all. True to size.
Awesome shoe in every way! So glad I got them. Perfect for everyday! I ordered a 1/2 size up from my usual and it's a perfect fit. Very comfortable and great support. My custom orthotics fit in just fine. Recommend this shoe 100%!
