Scarpa Zen
This shoe is awesome! So comfortable! Wore them day one on a hike in the Santa Fe Wilderness, no break-in time needed. Very supportive and stable. The lacing runs all the way to the toes, so you're able to adjust the width anywhere along the foot for a custom fit. I originally ordered size 38 (men's 6) but had to return them for size 39 (men's 6.5 - I normally take a women's 7.5W). I would recommend these to anyone. Will buy a second pair - great fit & great value for the money!
Excellent quality, durability, and they look good. For several years I was buying 5.10 Camp or Guide Tennies, and was often disappointed by how fast the heel wore down. With due difference to 5.10, their softer rubber is VERY grippy on rock and maybe preferable if I was just bumming around on class 4 slab. However, I wanted an approach shoe that I could also wear on a day hike, and so far I've been really impressed with the comfort and durability of the Scarpas. FYI, I have narrow feet and they fit great, so I suppose that means they run narrow. Also, I ordered up a half size and found the fit to be snug (which is what I want in an approach shoe).
I have wide feet and although I ordered one full size larger than normal, the two small toes on my left foot still rubbed against the inside of the shoe and I could feel the seam near these toes. No doubt this would have caused trouble, so the shoes were returned. It is important to note these shoes are designed on a European-style skinny last. It is also fair to note this shoe is designed for technical climbing situations and the laces tighten all the way to the toe so the shoes can be very snugly laced to the foot just prior to technical climbing usage. The shoes are extremely well-made. Very impressive. Wish they were available in a wider size option. Turns out Garmont makes comparable shoes which are considerably wider in D width, clearly built on a non-European-style last.
I purchased these from 8000 miles away keeping my fingers crossed they would fit well and be comfortable. Sure enough they have been fantastic after they were broken in. The break in took nearly a week of regular wear, but they have loosened up and have been my daily wear shoes ever since. Be sure to go up a size to allow your feet to swell a little and/or wear heavier socks.
Very pleased with this shoe. Bought them before a 3 week trip to China and wore them all day every day. They're extremely durable and look good enough to wear to dinner and meetings. Note that they are narrow and sold by EU size. I'm typically an 11.5 / 12 with a narrow foot and the 45 was a perfect fit. The tongue has a tendency to drift to one side which is a little annoying but not uncomfortable. Heavier than a typical trail runner, but more substantial and better looking.
Well-constructed, true-to-size light hiking or casual shoe.   Walked in them for days in Europe. Clearly heavier than sneakers, but much better traction and support.
