Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Tai Chi™
The Best - 
I now have four pairs of these shoes. I take Kung Fu, and during off workout time, these are my favorites. They are stylish and very comfortable. I work in them every day, on my feet, for at least 6-8 hours, and my feet never hurt. Their really isn't any support in the shoes and minimal bottom padding, which makes for excellent floor feel. Keeps me very sure footed.
Whenever more colors become available in my size, I'll be buying them.
Asic's Tai Chi - 
Overall these are great shoes. I ordered my first pair in my regular size and thought they were too small, so I ordered them a half size larger and they were perfect. The return was easy and hassle free (and free!). If you are doing a lot of walking on hard surfaces I would highly recommend some gel inserts because there is very little shock support and no arch support. They fit like a glove and are like wearing nothing at all on your foot.

Minimalist shoe - 
This is as close to going barefoot as you can get while wearing shoes. They are light with thin soles, and you can feel just about everything you step on. But I still find them comfortable and fun to wear. I suggest that you not try to get a pair smaller, even by half a size, than what you normally buy. My 10.5 foot completely fills the 10.5 shoe.

The shoes look really cool and they’re really different. The only thing is, I wish I would have known that they were made of soft leather...so their kind of like ballet slippers or something. Also, order a size down.
Great workout shoe - 
These shoes are excellent for running and working out in general. They are really low cut. You might want to order a .5 size smaller than your size in other Asics and shoes in general.

I hope they never stop making these shoes because they are fantastic. I am a barefoot/minimalist runner and was looking some light, flexible shoes to wear during my last few weeks of marathon training. I don't think I ever had to break these shoes in. I just put them on and started running. They look and feel great. And lots of folks comment on them when I wear them to work or around town with shorts or jeans, so I guess they're pretty stylish too. So far, they seem to be holding up well. Just showing some wear on the white leather where I've scuffed them up a bit -- but that just adds character, right? I was worried that the leather uppers would make my feet feel hot, but that hasn't been the case at all. The leather is very thin and seems to breathe well. Expect some crinkles in the leather up front as they soften up. I usually wear a 10.5 -- but the toe seems to be a bit long in these. I'll probably order a size 10 next time. No big deal. I have put about 65 miles on these so far (including one 20-miler) -- and I plan to wear them for my marathon next week. Already looking forward to my next pair.
These shoes are great! Very stylish and comfortable. The seem a little longer then a normal size 11 but fit fine.  
Mexico 66's that I bought with these fit perfect at 6.5 (half size smaller than I usually go). These are still about a half size long. Feel slightly narrow on my wide feet but that is to be expected. Depending on how these stretch I'd get sixes next time. At the bottom of the heel it is cut in pretty far so I instantly had wear above the sole on the heel. Really soft leather though and a nice looking shoe.
I love these shoes and will be buying another pair. They do run a size large for myself and many friends.
