Merrell Avian Light Ventilator Waterproof
I have the non-waterproof Avian Lights and I really love them, so I thought I would try these for walking in the wet grass and light rain days. I am very satisfied with how dry they have kept my feet. Like all my Merrell hiking shoes, I needed a half size larger than I usually wear.
Bought these shoes for travel...wanted something that looked better than sneakers. They are snug (in a good way), true to size. I could use a bit more cushion in the heel, will probably add one. And they tend to angle my feet toward my arches, so probably adding an arch support would help, too.
These were REALLY good looking and I really wanted to keep them, but they were SO tight in my normal size, and especially very short (or at least noticeably tighter in the toe area), so I didn't re-order larger in this one and went for another style. It does seem that all the waterproof women's Merrells are smaller than the marked size... but these are especially so.

First, I'd like to say that this shoe is not the same color as the picture! It is brown with no reddish color to it at all. This is my first experience with Merrell shoes and when I tried on the normal size I wear in an athletic shoe (10M), it was too small! I ordered a 10.5 and it fit like a glove but after awhile, my feet felt like they were going to sleep. In order to get a shoe that feels about the same size as my size 10 Asics, I had to go to a size 11 in this shoe. I have never worn that size before, but I've never worn a Merrell shoe! I also feel like the shoe runs a little narrow in the toe box. The shoe is stiff overall but it is a supportive hiking type shoe...though it would work well for a supportive casual style shoe as well. Removable insole in case you wear orthotics. If I had a complaint (other than the sizing issue) it would be that I find it hard to get the laces tight at the top. The tongue is nice and padded but the very top grommet is a metal clamp style that make it hard to pull the laces tight. I had to try several times before I finally got it tight enough. It is nice that the shoe is waterproof and it certainly seems like it would be durable, but I am still wearing it around inside the house to make sure that the size 11 isn't going to put my feet to sleep!
