Brooks Defyance 5
After weeks of reading reviews and blogs I decided on Brooks Defyance 4's as my new running shoe. Naturally, my size was next to impossible to find, so I bought the Defyance 5's without a single review being read. I hoped Brooks would improve on an already good shoe and I believe they did. These are hands down the best running shoes I have ever owned. I have only put a little over 20 miles on them so far, but they have exceeded my expectations. The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable!
My second pair of this great shoe. One of my ankles pronates. Brooks has turned out to be the only shoe that keeps my step stable. (I use an off-the-rack orthotic with it.) The wide size accommodates my bunion. The Brooks Addiction Walker opens up a little more at the toes, but the Defyance is lighter and overall fits very well. 
I have narrow heels, high arches and bunions. I average 25 miles a week but run up to 45 miles a week when training for a road race. I liked the original Defyance and #2 and 3. I hated the Defyance 4. I love the Defyance 5. It fits supportively around my arches, has plenty of toe and bunion room. It feels light and when I first ran in them I felt like it was easier to run faster - a great feeling! Good cushioning. I really like these running shoes. I wear a size 10 in non-running shoes, a size 11 in these.
These were selected for me by a run specialist in a local running shop here in Brooklyn. After watching me run on the treadmill, she suggested that I could use a shoe with light support. I purchased these and proceeded to do a runner's no-no by running a half marathon just two weeks later -- but they felt great! I would definitely recommend these to someone who tends to pronate slightly and could use subtle correction. I got a size 9, usually wear an 8.5, and was looking for some more room in the toe for those longer distances. Interestingly, these are almost the exact same fit as my Adidas 8.5 -- so I think they may run a little small...but not sure. Either way, they were quite comfortable during my half!
