TIC TAC TOES Plaza
This is my first set of dancing shoes. The insole is not removable and so you can not add an orthotic. My instructor recommended going down half a size from my normal size and she was right. They were a little tight when I first started and broke in within a couple of hours of dancing. They are very comfortable with cushioned socks.
This is my husband's second pair of Tic Tac Toes Plaza purchased for ballroom dancing. For the price (it was on sale), this shoe was quite a bargain. He felt the shoes were very comfortable (no need to break in), lightweight, and easy to turn in. His street shoe size runs from 10.5 to 11 and the size 10.5 purchased worked well. There is little arch support so my husband adds support insoles before wearing.
Comfortable, nice looking dance shoe.  Runs a half size too big.  Will return for a smaller size.
These shoes rock. They are my first suede-bottomed dance shoe, but they feel great. I lucked out on the size. I went a little larger than the web site calculator suggested, but they fit nonetheless.
I gave my husband dance lessons for Christmas. But where to find size 13 dance shoes?! When I found your company it was fantastic. Quick service, good selection good price...and we're dancing! Thanks! 

Be sure to order a size larger than you normally wear with these shoes. I’ve had three dance lessons/classes so far and the shoes have been very comfortable. I love that I can lace the shoes to fit snug around my feet - or I can loosen the shoe strings for on days when I'm retaining water. I would buy these again for my dance lessons. 
Classy Comfortable Dance Shoe - 
Ordered a 1/2 size larger but the D width wasn't wide enough so exchanged for the 11 EE and that was perfect. Great look. Very comfortable ballroom dance shoe. Others in class were very impressed by the classy style of the shoe.

GREAT SHOES< EXCELLENT SERVICE - 
I bought these as a gift for my husband. He loves them. Says they are very comfortable and true to size. Will buy them again in future.
Your delivery was excellent!

