etnies Fader x Metal Mulisha
When your shoe size is 15, its hard to find a good quality, and stylish shoe. Pros: inside material is great, your feet can actually breathe. Material on the outside is just as good. The only con I can think of is the shoe lace was too small to go inside all the holes. Which is understandable with my shoe size. Very happy overall though.
Got these for my husbands 49th b-day. He looks great in them and he loves the design a lot. If I had it to do all over again, I probably would've gotten 1 size bigger because of the extra padding in these shoes. However, my husband is working them in and they are becoming more comfortable for him. Very little arch support, if any. I'm glad I found them though.
Toe box was extremely tight, even ordered a size bigger. Couldn't return because I walked outside with them. After a better part of a month they loosened up. This pair replaced the digit 2, which I still wished was in stock.
Much smaller than listed. I own this same shoe in size 14 mens US and they fit okay. I ordered a size larger 15 US mens and I cannot get my foot in them.
Bought for my son. He says they seem a little more snug than most this size. The width is fine. Overall a good pair of shoes.
Very happy, just what we were looking for. Have a hard size to buy. Decent price, great shipping.
I'm hoping that I simply received a pair of defective shoes rather than this style of Etnies being this awful. I had these shoes for 2 1/2 weeks and they started to fall apart. The leather on the toes and around the seams started to crack and crumble, leaving bare spots all over the shoe. This happened only to the left shoe though. They felt true to size, but they felt narrower than marked. Nice cool look though!
This product was very true to size and was gotten to me quickly. I appreciate the diligence.

These shoes are awesome. Etnies are the bomb. Not too fat, but wide enough to make my size 12 seem not so big. Great shoe.
hese shoes are awesome. They look exactly like the pictures online and fit very true to size. My 12 year old son loved them!
