VOLATILE Cash
I liked the style but ended up returning the shoes because they did not fit right for my feet. I have very high arch and the soles on these shoes are very flat and stiff.  The shoes are also very, very narrow.  I wear 5 1/2 medium.  Based on the reviews that these shoes run small, I ordered one size bigger.  So, I got just that - one size too large but only in length.  In width, they barely fit at all.  I really wanted them to work because I did like the style very much but comfort was not in anywhere the vocabulary therefore, I had to return them.  
They are great pair of sneakers, very comfortable, but they run small, so you have to order a size larger.
Being that I was wearing heels at the beginning of my wedding, I needed platform sneakers for dancing. These are so comfortable! I'm a size 6.5, so I got a size 7 based on other reviews, and they fit perfectly!
I'm very pleased with these sneakers. I know how Volatile fits normally so I went up an entire size and trust me, you will need to do so as well. I have gotten lots of compliments on these sneakers.
Sorry...a no go. I took the advice of customers and ordered a full size up which was exactly right. I could not have worn them in my size. Shoes were too binding around the ankle even when I loosened the ties. Also the shoe bed was uncomfortable as if the heel has not been made long enough so that my arch area felt like it was hanging off a cliff. The shoe was the right length altogether but not constructed well. Please someone make some wearable comfortable fashionable flat bed shoes for us aging shorties!
They are a great looking sneaker that looks like a shoe. The fit was a little snug. I have to return for a half size bigger. Can't wait to get them!
I am almost always a size 7 but in this shoe, the 7.5 fit so I recommend ordering half a size up if you're unsure. Also, they can give blisters, it takes some to to break them in. I bought these shoes to wear under a wedding dress and because I had already broke into them, they were great for dancing in all night.
This shoe is very comfortable to wear all day.  It is not as comfortable as a sneaker, but pretty close.  The diamond detailing is a bit tacky, so I wear the shoe with jeans, so you can't see it.  Order a half size up.  
I bought these for my wedding as it is outdoors in the grass. These shoes are just as the pictures and great height but, unfortunately, way too narrow for me. Unfortunately, I'll need to return and exchange for something else. It's true, if you order, order up one size for comfort.

When ordering these sneakers order One Whole size up. I wear 7 1/2-so I got an 8-still too small-had to go with 8 1/2. That's what I get for not adhering to the advise that was given me. Remember, one whole size up! Very durable well made shoe.
Went a 1/2 size up and that worked for me. These shoes are great! Getting a second pair.
I love this shoe. I read all the reviews before buying and they are all correct about the size, everyone said to get a size bigger and so I did. I wear a size 7 so I got size 8 and it's prefect. This is the most comfortable wedge I have ever put on. I bragged so much about it on FB that 2 of my friends got a pair as well and they love it.
I actually bought these for my wedding! I wanted something like a sneaker, but with height. This was perfect and comfy! Get a size bigger because these shoes run small! Fits perfect afterwards!
Super comfortable with a huge height boost!  I'm very petite, so I love the platform heel.  The platform is made out of a foam-type material which made walking 20,000 steps daily in Europe no problem at all!  I bought the black color, but I'm not the biggest fan of the blingy V on the side, so I wear them with long jeans.  You can't even tell they're sneakers!  I'm usually a size 5.5 but ordered a 6.5 which fits perfectly.  I also added some gel inserts for extra support, and I'm ready to go all day.
Super comfortable with a huge height boost! I'm very petite, so I love the platform heel. The platform is made out of a foam-type material which made walking 20,000 steps daily in Europe no problem at all! I bought the black color, but I'm not the biggest fan of the blingy V on the side, so I wear them with long jeans. You can't even tell they're sneakers! I'm usually a size 5.5 but ordered a 6.5 which fits perfectly. I also added some gel inserts for extra support, and I'm ready to go all day.
These are sSuper comfortable and provide a huge height boost! I am very petite, so I love the platform heel. The platform is made out of a foam-type material which made walking 20,000 steps daily in Europe no problem at all! I bought the black color, but I am not the biggest fan of the blingy V on the side, so I wear them with long jeans. You cannot even tell that they are sneakers! I am usually a size 5½ but ordered a 6½ which fits perfectly. I also added some gel inserts for extra support, and I am ready to go all day.
Super comfortable with a huge height boost!  I'm very petite, so I love the platform heel.  The platform is made out of a foam-type material which made walking 20,000 steps daily in Europe no problem at all!  I bought the black color, but I'm not the biggest fan of the blingy V on the side, so I wear them with long jeans.  You can't even tell they're sneakers!  I'm usually a size 5.5 but ordered a 6.5 which fits perfectly.  I also added some gel inserts for extra support, and I'm ready to go all day.
Great shoes, really confortable. I'm a nurse,and my 12 hours shift goes without noticing. There're are two things though, first you should order a bigger size and the second it's better if you buy gel insoles for a better confort.
I love wearing these with flared pants. These shoes run small though so I would recommend ordering about a size bigger than what you would normally wear. I usually wear 7.5 and after ordering this in a size 8, it fit perfectly. They're surprisingly comfortable and lightweight.  
