Vans Authentic™ Core Classics
This shoes are amazing, I bought a pair for my girlfriend and they look great, she was really happy, the only thing is that vans have different sizing for each style, usually the authentic are smaller that the core classics (half size), but everything got solved.
I bought this pair of Vans for my boyfriend and he loved them. There were half a size larger than marked but my boyfriend was so happy with how they looked that he did not want to return them. I would definitely recommend this pair to anyone. 
This fits true to size.  I have a high arch and this doesn't have any arch support.  But still comfortable for casual daily wear.  I plan to buy more in other colors.
I got these because I was looking for some casual shoes in a neutral color and I have had good luck with Vans before. They fit true to size, but they did not have the arch support that I was looking for and they are kind of heavy for simple tennis shoes. But the clincher for me was that they looked a little bit like grandma shoes when I put them on, which was totally unexpected! I will probably exchange them for the Ugg Evera canvas sneakers.
Nice looking. Ran wide. Runs big. Fits more like man's shoe than women's in terms of size and width. Not for long walks. Cute.
The all black ones get dirty really quickly. Also they hurt like a mother fucker the first time you wear them without socks. I wanted to wear them with socks but they don't make the special no show socks for these shoes in size 15.
Super fast free next day delivery.  Had to get 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear.
Well, first of all, I would never have picked this shoe (brand/style) on my own. My future co-mother insisted I fit in at her daughter's wedding since her daughter was wearing 'pink' Van's under her wedding dress. Her other daughter (dark blue or navy) and herself (purple) to the wedding, and I finally agreed to wear a pair to the reception. I ordered what I thought was a teal color to match my dress; however, when I received them, they were too blue. Not having enough time to re-order with only a few days before the wedding to go, I wore them just so I wouldn't be in my very uncomfortable heels all night. I would have been a lot happier with 1/2 size smaller and the right color. It could be that I picked Navy myself due to the color on the website, but the 'true' color is definitely more blue than what the screen shows. If I could return them, I would as will probably not ever wear them again; however, I did wear them for approximately six hours that day. A beautiful, but rather long and exhausting day! Thank you for your time. I do hope this helps your site be better for others' experiences.
Couldn't have been happier with the order process and with the product! Vans, I think fit true to size and are a great classic shoe. 
