ASICS Gel-Spree™
I love these shoes! The only thing I found surprising was that I usually wear a 7.5 in Asics, but I needed a size 8 for this model. They are extremely lightweight and the grey/pink pair is adorable.
These are so perfect for me! I hate clunky athletic shoes that feel like there are three inches of cushion under my heel. These are so lightweight and comfortable, and they fit really nicely. They aren't so clunky that I will worry about twisting my ankle doing aerobics or weight lifting at the gym (unlike some other running shoes).  I am used to wearing flatter shoes without any support, because I hate overly padded shoes, but these sneakers are a really good medium between not supportive and too supportive.

Not to mention, they look very cute on my feet, and I could wear them all sorts of places and still look good.

I do have narrow feet though, so they fit me well. For someone with very wide feet, they may be sort of tight unless you were to remove the sock liner. Also, if you needed to add extra arch support, you may want to go a size or half a size larger to have space for insoles, unless you were to remove the sock liner totally and add your own insoles.


These are cute. I read the other reviews and ordered a half-size up. My normal size is 8.5 M, and for the width, this worked out fine. However, the length is about an inch too long in this configuration. The ankle/rear was a tad loose too. In sum, these seem good for those with slimmer, and perhaps longer, feet.
Adorable and well-made, but they run a bit tight and short.  I plan to re-order half a size up.
I love my new shoes. The Gel-insole is to die for for a cute walking shoe. It's like walking on clouds. I was reading all the reviews and I normally wear a 7 1/2 so I ordered an 8 because they tended to run smaller. But to my dismay, if I wear thinner socks, which I normally wear when just walking around I think it's a bit big. But with thicker athletic socks it feels just right. Now just trying to decide if I should return them for a smaller size. Definitely worth every penny!
I normally wear a 10½, which is what I ordered. I wore it upon receipt and it felt a bit snug. I thought it was just me and then I read the reviews. I would say that it runs a full size small. The toe area is a bit weird I guess due to the design. Otherwise very stylish and comfortable.
So sad. Shoe runs half size smaller so I ordered half size bigger which fit perfect but squeaked. changed the soles and no luck. I have flat, narrow feet, maybe just me. Very comfortable but too loud. Could work for you.
I bought these for my daughter to wear during gym class.  She loves them and emphasizes how comfortable they are.  She also loves the style because they are  slim and not bulky like alot of other gym/running shoes.
