New Balance W1080v2
I have under pronation, plantar fasciitis, and high arches. I am 6'0", and currently pregnant with my sixth child. I always have to wear an ortho type shoe so my legs and knees can work properly. These shoes are super comfortable and I love how it feels like you're walking on a sponge. But they are a little too tight for me and I ordered the medium size width. My toes get tingly from wearing them, so I am going to send them back and order the wide. I hope that will resolve the problem. But other than the width, I think I will like them a lot!
Bought 1/2 size larger. Alittle small/narrow My foot is not as stable as I had hoped.  I roll out a little on my right foot.  I would prefer a more neutral color.
I love this sneaker I have a wide foot and have trouble finding comfortable sneakers it is true to size and very light I also have orthodics and they fit great in the sneaker I also bought the red ones.
I bought these shoes before chaperoning a two day school field trip and they worked great! I spent the days walking, running, and standing on concrete and asphalt and I was the only parent not in pain by the end. I have wide feet, high arches, and am a bit overweight, but these are the most comfortable shoes that I have ever owned (I ordered wide width and half size up). For the first time in the five years since my knee surgery, I am able to jog without joint pain. I am super happy with these and will absolutely order another pair. The purple is nice, it is not too purple, more lavender.
Ordered them 2 days ago and they arrived on my doorstep today. Great service! These New Balance running shoes are comfortable and lightweight from the first moment you wear them. Love the purple/gray color combo. Off I go for my run! I ordered 1/2 size up from my normal size & they fit great.
This running shoe fits well and is lightweight. I ordered a half size up which I always do with New Balance running shoes. I typically run 20-25 mi/week and it seemed fine for that.

