Vivobarefoot Neo
Slightly thicker and stiffer soles than other Vivobarefoot models. and just a tad too large for me (US 10, EU 43 was too big). Wish they came in half-sizes. otherwise very nice.
After a year of Nike Free (too much arch) and another year with the New Balance Minumus (I needed a tad more padding; 240lb runner), I wanted to see what other minimalist shoes were out there with a bit of a cushion. The Neo was listed on several boards as having cushion (it doesn't). They look Scandinavian, which can be stylish or ugly depending on the person. I think choices beyond black and grey, though, might be nice. My main complaint is the sizing. The Nike Free ran true to size (13 for me) while the New Balance required a larger shoe (14) because of the narrow toe box; otherwise it runs a tad long. I ordered the Neo because it came in a 14. Too short. When I looked at the European conversion on the tongue, it listed it as a 47. My size 14 New Balance was listed at 49. How could two size 14 shoes be two European sizes off? Considering that one review said they ran large, I was doubly surprised. The shoe seems nice enough, and I like the heel drop. They are lightweight, but none of the cushion I was looking for (the Nike Free are great in this regard; too bad about the arch).
These shoes are really comfortable. They feel about as natural on my feet as shoes can feel. I also tried the 5 fingers and I like these better. I ordered my size and they fit well, plenty of room in the toe box...although my wife found it hard to find the right size, the 37 was too small, and the 38 too big, which is why I'm only giving 4 stars. I will add that if these are your first barefoot style shoes, give your feet time to get used to them, only wear them a little each day and build up over time.
I'm not a sneaker-loving person, but I really dig these shoes. I've worn them -- and run in them -- for about a month now, and they are great. I had given up running because of pain in my feet and surgery in one knee; but I'm back running "barefoot" style in these shoes. And they look great. I wear them at work because they are comfortable for standing. I think the size runs slightly large. On the advice of another reviewer I bought size 43 for my American 9.5 feet, and they were perfect. (Most other shoes I'm a 42 European.)
Great shoe. I wear them everywhere. Work, trail running/hiking, etc. All of the benefits of a barefoot shoe without that dorky "glove on your foot" look! Super light and very well constructed. Ordered a size larger than normal at first because of manufacturer's suggestion, but was too big. I'd say go with your normal size first. Oh, and remove the insole.
These are the best minimalistic shoes I've owned to date. They really give you the feeling of being barefoot without looking ridiculous. These have a hydrophobic mesh so they breathe a little, but water will just bead off if they're splashed -- it's pretty much the same material as a North Face jacket I have...really great material. I can't wait to get another pair of Vivo Barefoots in a different color -- I got these for nursing. I don't subscribe to the giant arch support, squishy, or shape-up style shoes. I love being barefoot and I think it's how human beings are supposed to walk. I wear a 13 normally in athletic/running shoes. I ordered a 47 so it looks like these run a size small. These shoes also have a nice, wide toe box.
