inov-8 Road-X™ LITE 155
These are so light! These shoes are sick! I just got them for Christmas and have worn them a couple of times. The are probably better for higher arches, mine are low but they still work. They are very low profile, with no noticeable drop from heel to toe. They are definitely minimalist trainer/performance shoes and not terrain shoes. The bottom seems so thin that you would definitely create some issues stepping on the wrong surfaces. I will use these for crossfitting when it is indoors. The color is sweet, and the size ran pretty true to Nike/Asics sizes for me at 10½.
I originally wanted the Inov-8 220's but they weren't available in my size, so I went with this style and I'm glad I did. I love these shoes. I use them for cross-fit and Olympic lifting. They're an amazing product and perfect for the sport!

These are the best pair of shoes I have ever purchased for exercise ever. I buy a lot of shoes too and this one takes the cake. They are like slippers when you put them on, fit very well, and are great for CrossFitting, which means they can be used for anything (Oly lifting, running, box jumps, burpees, etc.). They fit identical to my Inov-8 195s in length (same size) but they are wider in the toe box, which is good for someone with wider feet like mine. These run the same as my other shoes, all 10.5. They also are much more free in the sole as they don't have some piece of plastic embedded like other Inov-8s do. These are a home run! More colors would be nice of course, but I am over the yellow.
I bought these shoes for Crossfit. I wanted a pair of the Inov-8 230 f-lite 230's, but they were sold out in my size (woman's 6.5). These are road running shoes, so the bottom has very little tread. I was worried about that for box jumps and burpees in the gym, but so far it hasn't been a problem! I've taken them running on the road as well, and I'm very impressed. They're so light and flat; I can really work on striking with the ball of my foot. I highly recommend them!
Excellent minimalist running shoe. I recently made the switch to minimalist running, and after repeatedly having my toes rubbed the wrong way in a pair of Vibram FiveFingers, I decided to switch back to a traditional shoe. These Inov-8 Road-X 155s have been excellent. Lots of room in the toe box, and a very minimal feel. The only complaint is the color. I'm not a flashy person and would much prefer some more subtle options that didn't prompt people to look at my feet so much, but it's not the end of the world. Shoe ran a half size smaller than what I normally wear.

I am an avid CrossFitter and train approx 5-6 days a week. I have been using inov8s since the blue 230s...about a couple years. I have the 195s as well. I like these 155s the most out of them all! They are super light and are great for running and CrossFit. I am larger in size and have no issues with them. I usually wear a 11.5 but ordered these in 11s and they fit great. I do hate the color!
Amazing minimalist running shoe! Do not run in these shoes unless you stay on the middle/balls of your feet. There is no padding for heel strike. Very lightweight, I have posted my best times in these shoes. I usually wear 8.5 US and I wear 7 UK or 8 US in inov8 so sizing is a little off. I have another pair of inov8's in same size. Toe box is a little spacious; however, there is no sliding around or movement despite the space. Even though toe box is spacious middle and heel are snug and hold well. Love them and will get another pair when these run out (no pun intended).
