La Sportiva Boulder X
These shoes feel great. Happy that I went up a half size though. Because it's an approach shoe, the toe box is narrower than light hikers; although, these shoes are so comfortable that I see myself hiking exclusively in these. 
Nice quality shoe, and very comfortable.  The shoe is short and narrow for its size, and fits somewhat like a rock climbing shoe.  You may want to consider ordering one size up for hiking use.
Fantastic shoes - fit is brilliant, though you must order one to two sizes larger than usual.  Super comfortable but stiff enough to use for approach and climbing.  It is soft rubber on the outside for climbing, so it will scuff.  And as it is soft rubber, it is not good on ice.  If Jesus could make shoes, they would be something like these.
Good overall approach shoe. Typical of La Sportiva, though, they felt a size smaller than normal.
These shoes are fantabulous. I purchased a pair as my everyday shoes, hoping to find something that would be comfortable and would last a very long time. I'm pretty sure I've found a shoe that fits both of those qualities in the Boulder X. The shoes have a fairly narrow toe box, which I understand is typical in La Sportiva shoes. I ended up with shoes a size-and-a-half larger than my normal size. No heel slippage, but good room for the toes!
The Boulder X is a great balance between hiker and climber, which allows it to be a very versatile approach shoe. The shoe offers a very rigid shank that provides great stability in the heel and the ball of the foot. Though rigid, the shoe flexes with ease in every step. The insole is very conforming to the shape of your foot. The heel is wide enough to allow for a larger foot; however, the lacing system allows a narrow foot to be secure (as I have a very narrow foot). The wiggle box is very tight as most La Sportiva climbing shoes are. So if you have very wide toes the fit may be pretty snug. The box is very narrow at the tip, which I have found takes some breaking in, but the leather uppers do provide a little stretch after a few days. Most of the pressure on my feet came from the uppers above the toes, quite tight... The shoes have broken in after a few days and I have found the toe is narrow enough that it is perfect for toe jamming in cracks. The ankle of this shoe is very comfortable and provides an incredible amount of cushioning on the medial and lateral sides. I appreciate the extra padding as these shoes allow for the very comfortable ride during abrasive approaches. The leather and padding on the shoes are incredibly thick so they wear like a terribly light trekking boot. The sole of the boot has a very aggressive tread via Vibram. The tread gains amazing traction on all surfaces I have tested so far. The soles stick to rock like glue. I am really impressed with this feature, as La Sportiva has not used Vibram in many of their products of the past. I find the Boulder X to be a good fit for me. I sized up a 1/2 size larger than I would, but I usually do in La Sportiva products. I was unsure about the fit at first, but after a few days the shoes felt great.
