Five Ten Impact - Sam Hill 2
You simply can't go wrong with the 5.10 Impacts. I've read reviews and saw how good they are, but until you actually buy them and ride with them you just don't understand. They really stick to pedals! Just buy them! They fit accurately to size, which was nice.
The five ten DH shoe's are amazing, I have ordered two pairs. Sizing: I ordered a pair of size 10s (because when I wear etnies that's the size I go with). Also a pair of 9.5s (because that's what I wear for for sportier shoes, like running or basketball). The size on this shoe fits very well what your foot is measured to be at the shoe store, so I wear the 9.5s in this brand of shoe. Comfort: For mountain biking I have worn just about every type of shoe. If you don't use clips then the five ten DH's are arguably the best for mountain biking. They really do grab the pedals well and compared to etnies, Nike, Converse, or CD shoes these are far superior for any type of mountain activity. They are very comfortable, don't slip on rocks very easily when climbing or hiking (if you haven't read the description for the rubber on the tread of the shoe, you need to. these shoes really do what the description says). One more thing, I don't have the greatest knees. When I wear certain shoes eventually my knees will start to feel it. I have not had that happen with these shoes. They are very supportive, very comfortable for jumping 'round in and being rough or chasing my bike when I lose it. I wear these shoes everywhere! Just not on gym floors, the rubber is great for outside activities but it leaves the worst streaks I have ever seen on indoor floors. I suppose that has something to do with exactly what they are made for. Style: All my friends think they are awesome, girls I meet even like them and have sought out to buy a pair for themselves and I like wearing them 'round here cause I haven't met anyone else that has them (small city).
The rubber is great. So sticky, it almost feels as if you were clipped in. If you also ride a high quality flat, you actually need to lift your foot to adjust your footing. Fit is true to size. There are two small things I don’t like: a) The shoe is quite bulky, much more like a skate shoe than a regular sneaker. b) The lacing system needs some improvement. If you like to cinch down tight, you’ll notice it to be awkward. If you prefer loose shoes, you won’t mind and might actually like it. Overall pretty good to great.
