Converse Work Hard Driver
These are sold at a great price and they look great! They also are great at doing what they are supposed to. The only thing is that the shoe size is larger than marked, so I had to return them and get another size.
This is an awesome shoe. It is stylish and appropriate for work. It's comfortable and fits true to size.
Love these shoes! The only pair of steel toes that I've tried so far that don't completely squish my toes! Very comfortable! The cloth on the inside of the heel does wear out after time, and I add supportive insoles to mine, but for the price it's a great choice. I wear mine every day at work and they last me 6/7 months. No complaints! I use the size conversion chart and get mens size though because they are wider.
This is a very nice steel toe shoes...style, comfort and safety combined together in this shoes. Usually my casual shoes are sized 9. But with this one, I ordered 8.5 size and somewhat similar to my size 9 non-steel shoes shoes. A half size larger than marked.
Work day = 12 hours of walking on concrete floors about 80% of the day. So far I love this shoe. I wanted a "shoe" with a steel toe for some time and when I saw these I was excited to try them. I got TWO pair because the price was reasonable and work paid for both. I did get them a 1/2 size larger, based on other reviews, and they fit perfectly. After about 1.5 months now I feel no pain in my feet from the shoe and feel they are fully broken in (only took a week or two). The soles are non-slip and feel great and the overall flexibility is good for walking many hours per day. Since I bought two pair, I won't have to buy more soon, but when the time comes, at this point I would buy them again.
Comfy Steel Toe - 
I have bought several pairs of steel toes and these are the most comfortable. Buying a half size larger allows my foot to accomodate the steel toe without discomfort… and they look a lot better than most.
Very stylish - 
This shoe is too nice to be using for work. Very comfortable. It will be a lot better if they came in different width sizes. 

These shoes are the best! very comfortable. You have to remember that the run wide so depending on your foot size I would recommend getting a size smaller. Other than that, I'm a very happy customer.
These shoes are really comfortable. Where I work requires me being on my feet for 8 hours or more, but these shoes make it easy on my feet! I would definitively recommend these shoes. I do recommend buying a half size smaller. I am and 8 1/2 and these fit me like a nine but I just wear thick socks since it's cold were I live.
Very comfortable for a work shoe with a steel toe. Very lightweight. Felt a half size too big even though I normally wear a 7.5 but a slightly heavier sock took care of that. I had to wear steel toe footwear and during the summer, this shoe is so much better than a heavy boot. And much better looking than a big boot too.
Cool retro style shoe. Wouldn't know by looking it's a safety toe shoe. Lightweight and true to size. Good traction.
I have rather large wide feet so upon reading the other reviews I decided to go a half size larger than my normal shoe so I ordered a 9.5; I received it and it was huge! I returned them and went with a 8.5 and the shoe still was a little big and wider than normal. Very lightweight, but overall not extremely satisfied with shoe!
Ordering from this company was a great experience and their return/exchange policy is excellent. I would recommend ordering a half size larger for the steel toe portion, so when I called to exchange, it went so smoothly and I had the correct size in 2 days, before they even received my old size. Great customer service!
Comfortable enough to wear all day! Actually a size 8 1/2 but bought a size 9 just in case, and it fits great.
I purchased a pair of shoes for my youngest daughter but having not seen her all summer she grew and the size shoes I ordered were now to small for her, but by calling Zappo and telling the nice person on the phone about my situation we were able to come to a resolution that we both were able to find satisfaction with. I'm a customer for life now. Thank you, Leo Conniff
Great Shoe - 
This shoe is the best. It feels soft. It looks good and it is true to size. I have no complaints. Took about two days to break it in. I Love them, I wish they had tan color.

