Sebago Docksides®
This shoe is classy. However, it runs a bit narrow. I have small feet and ordered the size 5 regular, and the shoe was too narrow towards the toes. Ah well.
Even though it is a normal 9 Medium size, it is narrow on my foot. It doesn't seem like it is real leather. 
These shoes are OK. I am a size 6, and these shoes ran a little large for me. A little on the bulky side and wide (I ordered b-medium) i would exchange for a smaller size but they don't come in 5.5. For this price, not too worth it.
I was excited when I found these deck shoes in a 8 1/2 Wide. Unfortunately they do not fit like a wide, feeling narrower through the toe. I exchanged them for a Rockport man's size 6 1/2 EE and they fit great!
Daughter’s docksides (for school uniform)
We had tried them on in the store and her normal size was too big. One half size smaller fit perfectly. They arrived very quickly. Very happy with customer service and the shoes

Great all-around shoe!
Very comfortable all-around shoe, not only boating but any activity. Although Sebago's leather is not as soft as Sperry's right out of the box, they do break-in fairly quickly. Sebago's run true to size, unlike Sperry's which I think run 1/2 size smaller. A tip on keeping the rawhide laces tied: get the laces wet first, then tighten the bow...it'll stay tighter longer. These shoes love water...no worries about getting them wet!

Great shoe. Fits true to size and appears to be of very high quality. Been wearing these, both domestic and foreign made for decades.
Great shoes, but pretty stiff when first bought. Def need to work them in a bit. About a 1/2 size smaller than I normally get.
Sebagos wear like iron. I ordered these for my son and had to re-order for a 1/2 size smaller. HOWEVER, my husband claimed these because he liked the look, comfort and quality, so we ended up with 2 pairs!

As good as ever - 
I owned a pair of Docksides in the past and really liked them then. Since I needed a new pair of really casual (but still classy), I decided to the latest ones a try. I'm glad I did. Especially finding them in the large size that I now need (15 EE). I would recommend Sebago to anyone, and you can't beat the price!

