Vivobarefoot Achilles M
I really love these shoes. I was hesitant to try these shoes that I'd never heard of but was intrigued. I do almost all of my running (except in really rough terrain or snow) in vibram five fingers. But I recently moved to South Carolina and I was looking for shoes that were a lot more open than the VFF but still had support and a minimalist feel. I was also looking for a shoe that slipped on and off easier than vibrams to make them more useful in everyday use and also when I want to transition to barefoot mid-run. I definitely found all those things in these shoes.

Two disclaimers: They took a lot of getting used to. Even though they have good support, there are still fewer contact and pressure points in these shoes than in other shoes, and so that focuses pressure in certain areas. Between the toes is the hardest. I got a pretty good blister on one foot on my second toe on my first run, but with a band-aid on for the next few runs, that healed and now the toe does just fine. They have also rubbed in a few other places, but within 3 weeks my feet are totally adapted and I can wear them all day.

2nd disclaimer: Minimalist shoes take getting used to for running, this applies for any minimalist shoe, but especially for this one, which really has zero padding or arch support (by design). I'm a big believer in minimalist shoes, but when you've had your foot in the casts that are passed off as running shoes today for many years, adjustments will have to be made.

Other negatives? The removable heel strap is a little bit of work to get in and out. If it was easier than it would be a breeze to make these into flip-flops, but i've stopped doing that because it is too much work.

Sizing: I am right on the edge of a 42 and 43. I went with the size 9 which tops out at 42 and I am glad I did. There is plenty of tightening ability left in the shoe and any bigger would leave a lot hanging off the heel.

Style: They are kind of ugly, no getting around it. But it kind of grows on you.
Okay, I wear 43 in all my other vivos (14 in all - I know I'm nuts) but this felt too big so I got a size smaller, but even though these look too big on my feet, they are much more comfortable, so much so that the others will go to the local shelter and I will get some bigger ones in other colors. Not sure how one could wear flip - flops when these are out there. Actually, I want to keep vivo a secret. As a neurologist I see lots of people with foot pain when the podiatrists can't figure it out what their problems are. To me it's obvious - too many years wearing built up soles and heels. Have made too much money off them! But when I tell them they think I'm nuts. Anyway, as they say "a fool and their money."
I am a women's US 9½ and bought the 41-42 (S) in green. They are too long on one foot by 1" and ½" on the other. I do not feel like this affects the functionality of the shoes. I have Morton's toe (so my second toes stick out beyond my other toes) and I had to carve away part of the toe area so my toe would not continue being caught on it. Now I like them. I do regret buying these because now VivoBarefoot has come out with a women's version in my size.
