Nike Shox NZ
Look like great shoes but, as otehr reviewers have stated, they run a little small and I will have to return my 9.5. Too bad size 10 is not available.
I would order up a half size. Had to send back because they were too small and very snug. I am loyal to the Nike brand and have always wore a 7.5 but these were an exception. I love the color and the style though, very cute!
This is my second pair of Nike Shox. I love the style and the fit. I have had them for 3 weeks and the only problem I have had is a small blister on the arch of one of my feet. I know you are not supposed to run in these but I run in them nearly every day. The size is perfect. I normally wear an 8.5 but always go up half a size (9) for workout shoes. Fits perfect.
Bought these for TurboFire, but they are very rigid and would probably require a lot of breaking in. They felt a half size too small with normal socks on. I liked the way they looked but unfortunately will have to return them. 
As a die hard Nike fan, I have never purchased a Nike in any size other than 5 or 5.5. I could barely squeeze my foot into the 5.5 and my toes were at the very end. Plan to go up at least a half size.
I ordered these shoes because I thought they would fill the bill. I was looking for shock absorption in the heel. Unfortunately I didn't get to test this out and promptly had to return them, as I could not even get my foot into them! I am a size 11M. At first I thought I had left in some toe stuffing, but there was none. I have been a Nike fan for forever, but lately Nikes seem to run very small. Or to give the benefit of the doubt, maybe these were missed marked...that's how small they felt!
Very nice comfy shoes. The price is pretty go as well. There is just one thing I did not like about this shoe - how tight they are. I wear a 10 but the tens I ordered are a bit snug. I would go up half a size if not a full size next time.
These kicks are a 10+ cool factor. Very comfortable for a wide foot. I wear them with no socks, so with socks the fit could be half size smaller, depending on how you like your kicks to feel.
I bought these for day to day use. I am on my feet from three to nine hours a day cleaning houses for people. I also have flat feet. I ordered these in a 9½ as my other Nikes are. These are really tight around the foot. They are the right size, but defiantly grip right around your foot. Which is something I want. If you want looser, breathable shoes do not get these. They are also quite narrow. Lucky me, I have really skinny narrow feet. If you do not have skinny feet you will have to break these shoes in. I do not know about other people but, I do not like big toe areas on athletic shoes. My toes do not need room to move around. And these were great for just forming to your foot. They provide awesome arch support.
This had a lot of support and ran slightly small. But it was a great shoe for aerobic workouts. I will be going back to this shoe as it served me so well. I would order a half size up next time. Also- this shoe was extremely hot! I had in all black, and my feet were always hot in this shoe. I think that the material in the all black did not breath at all...
Love these shoes. I am on my feet in the hospital for 8+ hours per shift. These are wonderful! I have them in 4 or 5 different colors and just bought this style in a toddler size for my granddaughter and a school age size for my 11 year old daughter.
