New Balance Classics CW442
I bought this shoe in a half size larger and x- wide width because I just had foot surgery and needed something to wear while my foot is still quite swollen and doesn't fit into my regular shoes. It works well for this purpose, and I was very pleasantly surprised how cute this shoe is, especially given I bought it large/x-wide - it actually makes my foot look smaller. The sole is not thick, this isn't shoe for long-distance walking but is cute and comfortable for day to day. I like the non-nondescript black on black, very subtle, looks less like a clunky athletic shoe and more like just a black shoe.
I needed white shoes for a medical program I am currently enrolled in, and these were the only ones I found that weren't ugly. They have a sleek, low profile design so they make my size 11 feet look smaller, which is quite amazing for a white shoe! I feel the comfort level is great for a tennis shoe, but I'm not sure how they would compare to the average nursing shoe.
Exactly what I want! Perfect for traveling. Lightweight to carry and wear. Stylish and doesn't look just like another pair of sneakers. Can dress with causal or even with a dress. Only thing is, it seems 1/2 size smaller. I can still wear thin socks but may have to exchange for 1/2 size bigger if I want to wear sport socks.
Very comfortable shoe. I get compliments every time I wear them. As someone who has larger but thin feet (size 11). I appreciate a good tennis shoe that is comfortable, supportive, but doesn't make my foot look really wide.
Love these shoes! They give you the classic look of New Balances for a low price. I have big feet (size 11) and they make them look small and narrow. They are very comfortable for walking, but not supportive enough for exercise.
For a wide, this shoe is rather narrow, even though I ordered a half size up. I was looking for a shoe that was not quite as built up as most athletic shoes for ease fitting into toe clips on my bike. The toe box seems narrower than a D wide. I otherwise think I would have liked it for that purpose.
I love my new balance shoes.  They run true to my size.  Fit is great and they are cool and light weight for spring weather.
