etnies Kids Fader GWM (Infant/Toddler)
I ordered these for my 20 month old son. I have had the hardest time finding him shoes that fit his extra wide feet. Stride Rite was the only place that carried shoes that would fit, but they lacked the style that we desired in a shoe. So I took a chance, and placed the order for the Faders in XW width. They are perfect! My son loves wearing them so much that he asks me to put them on even while in the house, as opposed to the other shoes he had before, where he would take them off as soon as he got the chance. I have already ordered this style in larger sizes and colors. Could not be happier.
My son loves these! They are a full size larger, though, so make sure you buy a size down. 
Regarding shipping & customer service. Shipping was excellent, within a few days I received my order. (Less than a week) I also ordered the wrong size in error and when I called customer service they were quick, understanding, and very helpful. They immediately sent out a reorder along with a label to return the previous order at no additional charge!
My 2.5 year old daughter loves these sneakers they say wide but are adjustable and they fit he fine love the fact you can take the lining out to expand the size a little more. I love that they're velcro and not laces. And the shipping and customer service was excellent. Ive never received shoes so quickly before. 

I love these shoes for my booger! I only buy skate shoes for her and normally avoid Etnies because i find that they aren't as well made as DC. These were great quality and didn't have glue coming out of the seams or crooked seams. She's comfortable running around in them all day and when she gets to the half size, I can take out the inner sole so she can have comfort till she gets to a size 10! 

Love these shoes and so does my 2 year old daughter. These are her second pair and the dark purple color wears better than the bright pink/red ones we bought before. Very easy to get on and off and they are made for wider feet. The price is right too. We will likely buy these again in the next size up for her.
I love these shoes! They are so easy for my toddler daughter to learn to put on by herself. I love the fact that they appear to be laced, but in fact, they are velcro, adding to their simplicity. They also fit perfectly on her wide foot; I usually have to spend a ton of money to find a "wide" shoe, but these fit her perfectly in the size sold. I highly recommend these shoes, and in fact, will be buying them for my daughter in the next size up when she outgrows this pair.
