New Balance WT610
These shoes are light weight but still sturdy; they make a good cross over from trail to street. They run small so make sure to order 1/2 size larger than usual. I wear an 8 but it was way too small. The 8 1/2 was perfect.
My normal shoe size is 6.5 wide.  I finally settled on the 7.5 wide.  I bought two colors, but only one fit.  The other was either marked wrong or there was a mistake when manufacturing, as my toes were hitting the end of the shoe.  Anyway, I'm happy with the pair I kept for both looks and fit, but wish they had more cushioning. I use them for walking.
I ordered these shoes and another pair of New Balance shoes, both in 12D and the moment I put my feet in these, I knew that they were wrong for me. My toes were completely touching the end of the shoe. Darn, because the other pair of New Balances were perfect. It is strange how the shoes can fit so differently across the same size.
This is my first pair of running shoes so I was unsure of the size to order. I normally wear a size 9 but will be returning my second pair to get a size 10. They seem to run an entire size too short. Otherwise, they are very lightweight and comfortable.
My normal foot is a 7.5-8 and I usually order 8.5 for running shoes, but I found this shoe to be short, unlike some of the other reviewers.  I am re-ordering a size 9 to see, because I'm not sure there's enough toe room, even in the half-size larger.  I use NB because of the wide toe box.  But it's interesting how I'm trying a NB1012 as I write, and how very different the configuration of its 8.5D is compared to this trail runner.  I hope that NB will create more wide width trail runners, because I use my regular running shoes for a lot of hiking.
I really wanted these to work for me. I ordered two pairs, my normal size and a pair half a size larger. I decided to do that based on reviews that I read. Neither pair fit, they were short, and too pointy! I am having a hard time finding New Balance shoes that fit lately! I have worn only New Balance for decades!
I have very difficult to fit feet. Small (size 5) and high arch and high instep, so I am thrilled with the fit and feel of this shoe. It is extremely lightweight which is very nice. It is comfy and I use them for weight lifting and aerobic training at the gym. Plus they are cute. Love the color.
I took them out for a run in some rainy, muddy, wet weather today and they were great. Lots of traction and very flexible. Great support too. They will be perfect for trail running and walking in the woods with the dogs! I learned my lesson and ordered a half size larger this time. New Balance seems to run smaller than marked. 
These are cute without being too girly. They were comfortable on my first run. I did not get any sores or achy feet. They have the most durable soles. They are much better than any other shoes that I have ever had. They are great outside or on the treadmill. Walking or running, they are worth the money. I will stay with New Balance from now on. They were a little narrower than I expected, but I have wide feet. However, they are still great. I will stick with them. I will just order the next size up in width next time.
