Superga 2750 Cotu Classic
I ordered these in Aubergine and loved the shoe and color but the size was huge...definitely a full size larger than marked. Upon returning they did not have my size left. So if you are ordering, order a couple of sizes so you make sure you end up with one that fits.
So awesome! My 16 year old loves these. I bought my first pair of Superga in Italy when I was a teen, and this classic shoe still looks great. She did have to size down a half size.
I got the Pastel Green and I love them! Super cute and you don't see them everywhere like Converse or Vans. I have narrow feet, so they are a little loose, but I wear them with socks and laced them pretty tight. If I were doing serious athletic activity in these, then I would be bothered by the extra width, but it doesn't matter for just running errands or sightseeing. They are true to size (got my usual 8) and they don't really have arch support. They're fairly flat and maybe a tiny bit heavier than some other plimsolls, but the color and design are so cute that I don't really care about the fit not being perfect.
I bought the purple sparkly ones for the color. I was disappointed because they were almost a full size too big. The color and style were really cool. I am 63 years old. I want to stay in style without looking completely ridiculous, cute shoes do the trick. Fortunately I ordered some purple Keds at the same time. They are not quite the same style but the Keds fit well.
These sneaks are adorable and remarkably comfy. Much more comfortable than Converse. The only problem is that I listened to so many other reviewers and ordered a size smaller. Mistake. I had to send them back and am now anxiously awaiting my size 9! I am normally an 8.5 to a 9 in closed shoes, but I ordered smaller as many suggested. Know your feet before you order - these shoes may or may not run large.
These shoes are so in fashion, which is why I bought them. IM IN LOVE WITH THESE SHOES! Just remember, wear peds rather than socks because it just looks nicer when you wear them. But this is definietly a great color and the tangerine/salmon color is the hot color of the season so i was very excited to purchase these! ALSO, I am originally a size 9, but these shoes do run a bit big so i ordered a size 8.5. 
