New Balance WT110
This is my second pair of New Balance shoes in the trail style and I love them! I run on multiple surfaces (trails, roads, gravel, dirt, tracks, etc) and these have been by far my favorite pair of running shoes. I prefer a lightweight shoe that offers minimal support and a lot of flexibility. These shoes fit that need! If you are looking for a lot of support or a lot of structure, these are not for you. If you are looking for something really cute that will match your outfits, these are also probably not for you. If you are looking for a comfortable shoe with a good grip that will let you run many miles, this shoe could be for you. I buy my running shoes 1/2 size larger than my regular shoes, which leaves room when my feet swell on long runs.
I really want to like these shoes, but I've bought and returned them several times, and I can't find a size that fits me. I normally wear a 6.5, and I have other New Balance sneakers in that size. But a 6.5 was too small, a 7 was too small, and a 7.5 was too big. And then I gave up.
The first pair of these shoes that were delivered to me were defective, however, the second pair I got were not. (Customer service was excellent in exchanging them) Because of the defection, I had to run a 35 mile trail race, without even being able to break them in. I did have some arch pain, but it was much better when I tied the laces tighter. I would definitely recommend these shoes. I own a pair of New Balance WT20's, but this the 110's were not the same size and fit...so keep that in mind. Buy one full size larger.
Love these shoes! A lot of sneakers feel comfortable at first but these shoes delivery long term comfort and the right amount of support. There is good room in the toe area as well. I ended up buying both colors. Overall great shoe. Highly recommended. Order half size up.
I ordered these in 8W. When they arrived I was surprised by the cheap look of the shoes. The silver is a plastic material that looks very cheap, not the normal New Balance quality of shoes. The shoes are definitely wide at the front but the mid-section is uncomfortably narrow, as in squeezing my feet narrow, which my feet are borderline size 8/8W, so goodness help a person who has very wide feet. The tread of the shoe has perforations, so walking in even soft soil gets dirt and mud into the holes and that soaks into the bottom lining of the shoe (which is very minimal as it is) so that you have dirty socks. I love the New Balance brand but I was disappointed with what appeared to be cute shoes.
I am excited to get this one out on the road and trails. I ordered the WT20 as well, and I prefer this one. The toe box is perfect, and the shoe is true to size. The WT20 has a super wide toe box and felt like I would walk out of it. In addition, this shoe gives me a more substantial feel while still being ultra light as a minimalist shoe.
