ASICS GEL-Resolution® 4
Best tennis sneakers! I love them! I have a very high arch and these are so comfortable. Highly recommend. I found them very true to size for me, I like my tennis shoes snug, but not tight and these are perfect!
These shoes have the weirdest most uncomfortable toe box ever.  It's almost tear-drop shaped, pinches your toes and yet there is tons of room left making you feel like they are both too big and too small at the same time.

I wear a size 8 in street shoes and got these in 8.  I suspect they were the "right size" although the fit was atrocious.  My feet become numb wear them for a 3 mi elliptical session and they forced my feet to turn out.  


I love these shoes! I play singles 3½ in 90° plus in hot humid weather. My feet feel great and I have no blisters even after 2½ hours of continuous play. Do go half a size down. I am planning to buy another pair! They are great shoes for narrow feet and they provide great arch support! They are comfortable with no unusual rubbing. They break in easily.
Attractive shoe. Like others have said, they run 1/2 size large, so order down. They have pretty good arch support though not as much as the previous version, the Gel Resolution 3. 

The heel is not very deep so if you wear custom, after-market inserts or orthodics, you may find that your heel slides out a little.
I wear a 9 1/2 in asics I like a little room.  This shoe does fit, however the way it narrows at the toe box it looks like I'm wearing a much larger size.
I had to return my original pair for a half size smaller. I should have listened to the other reviews! I bought these because I was hoping to play like Sam Stosur. Well that didn't happen but I do love them. I wear Asics tennis and running shoes and they never disappoint. The first day breaking these in was a little rough - my toes felt like they were going to sleep, but day 2 and after were great. Definitely recommend!
I really like these shoes. They work well for me on a variety of surfaces. I went with a half size smaller than some other Asics I use for general training.
Great shoe! Had the Gel Resolution 2 and finally destroyed them. They are great for training, spinning and of course tennis. They do run small as all Asics do so order half size up.
