New Balance Kids KV790 (Infant/Toddler)
I love these shoes but I was disappointed because they RUN VERY SMALL. My daughter wears between a 7-7.5 so I ordered a 7.5 to be safe, and they are entirely too small. I am sending them back to try a size 8, but I wouldn't be surprised if we have to go a full size larger! Thank goodness for free returns. The shoe in itself is awesome though I simply can't wait till we get the correct fit for my daughter so she can wear these everyday! Remember, order larger is ordering these shoes!
Super cute and great shoes.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the size seemed to be off...if ordering, order 1/2 bigger.
Good looking shoe with a lot of flexibility for a two year old's little foot. Think it runs a little small. My daughter is a solid size 7 for most shoes and I ordered a 7.5 to give her a little room. Probably could have gone up to an 8.
These are great shoes! From the moment I opened the box, my little 2 year old hasn't taken them off! She is very small for her age, 25lbs and is in between sizes in shoes. I got her a 6, since I didn't want to have purchase another pair of shoes in another month. The seem to fit very well, are extremely easy to get on and off, and my little one has no trouble walking in them. I like that the sole is more flexible than other shoes her size. I highly recommend this shoe!
I absolutely love these shoes. My daughter's foot was still a size three when we bought them so we thought we would have to wait for her to be able to wear them. The way the shoes are made, they come up high on the ankle, you can tighten the string and the Velcro are perfect. They help give her great balance and have a wonderful sole to help protect her foot. If you are looking for a good sport shoe, you won't be disappointed with this one.
I've purchased several pairs of New Balance for my son and they have all been fantastic. Last time I went ahead and ordered the next size up also so that I'd be ready when he needed the next size.
We ordered the wide size 6½ for my 20 month old. These have been great, supportive little shoes for my son's wide feet.
