MBT Moja
My feet thank me for purchasing these MBT Moja. I'm standing on a factory floor sometimes 2-5 hours at a time; and during those times I can honestly say I do not feel the impact to my knees or my lower back; at the same time a co-worker standing alongside of me is complaining about their lower back and knees and they are much younger than I am. I love these shoes and I will purchase other styles. I did buy a half size larger.
Happy to have found these on sale!  I've been an MBT fan for 5 years.  I had the original style, then went to the Sport style.  When I tried the Sport 2, I found them to be of poorer quality and the fit was too roomy (not at all like the first MBT Sport).  Just about to give up, I decided to try the Moja.  I'm so happy I did!  They provide a similar workout to the Sport style, but fit so much better.  They run true to size; I usually take a size 8 and a 38 1/3 fits perfectly!
Need a bigger size. Too tight. Anxious to get started wearing them though!
I've been wearing MBT's for years, and was excited to see this good looking MBT. It felt true to size but while the narrower toe box was OK for me, these turned my ankles and feet outward somehow, as the foot bed is odd, so I am returning them immediately. I guess this is why they're on sale. Too bad, because they are good looking.
I purchased these for the benefit of less stress on my joints and I am very pleased. They take a little bit of getting used to, but I really like them. I agree with other reviewers that they run small, so I ordered a 1/2 size up and they are perfect. I also found that they feel tight when I first put them on, but they break in very easily. I do feel soreness if I wear them for longer walks, telling me that the toning benefits are there, even though that is not why I purchased them, it's a nice benefit.
I bought 1/2 size larger and it fits. I would like more arch support I have high arches. I will have my PT put arch pads in, since I roll my foot to the inside.
