Brooks Addiction™ Walker V-Strap
I bought these shoes for comfort and for ease of use. I have a lot of foot issues (MN & PF) so it's been hard to find shoes that I can wear for an extended period of time. These are good walking shoes. I bought them big, both in size and width, because my feet are real sensitive and are inclined to swelling. Took out the insole and replaced it with a thick squishy orthotic. The only significant downside to this shoe is that it is heavier than I like. However, it is comfortable and supportive.
I have purchased this shoe in the past and found it comfortable, but this time, I had a problem with my right heel and was going on vacation. After wearing these shoes for a week, I found that all the pain in my heel had been eliminated, despite the fact that I had walked quite a bit while sightseeing. I do use an additional arch support, so bought a half size larger and was very happy with the overall result and will buy this brand again. I gave it five stars for style since it is a sports shoe and all of them are a bit clunky in appearance and this one seemed to me more attractive than many others.
Bought this shoe based on positive reviews and because it seemed in style and support closest to the New Balance brand I can no longer get.  At first shoes seemed to have ample toe apace and felt true to size in fit.  After two days blisters developed on my feet and I could hardly walk in these shoes.  Never had that happen before. I returned the shoes.
I had to send these back. They were so small that the Velcro would not even go halfway across and my toes were pushing up against the toe box. I am very disappointed as my last pair of the same size Addiction Walkers (lace up) were the best walking shoes ever and they fit perfectly well.
This a very comfortable shoe. It also feels true to size. I am on my feet all day at work and have no issues with the shoe comfort. 
Bought these for my 85 year old mother who pronates severely and struggles to walk. She likes them. I bought them a half size up. Also bought them for myself but with laces. Very comfortable.
I needed a good pair of walking shoes for my job. I am on my feet sometimes 10 hour a day. I work in retail. These were so comfortable. The next day I ordered a 2nd pair! I wear a size 10B but I ordered a size 10D because I have a small bunion on my big toe. Great shoe.
Ordered this shoe in my normal size and width. Could not close the velcro strips - this shoe was way too narrow. Returning this one.
I love these shoes! I bought a white pair size 10 last year with strings, but the velcro on these make them so nice! These shoes are so easy on my feet. I am a teacher, and on my feet a lot. These shoes make it easy to get through my day. I couldn't remember the size I bought last year, so ordered 10.5 this year. They are fine. They feel like they're already broken in. I will buy more of these!
I followed the experience of a reviewer here and got a half size larger, 9.5, in the black -- and it was very much too large. Seemed comfortable but because of that I will be returning the shoes.
A walking shoe that comes in wide sizes. Comfortable and accommodates my foot (4E). I like the Velcro straps. Not perfect - squeaks, could be more durable. I've bought 2 pair. I used to buy the New Balance. Brooks seem to hold up a little better. NB had an odor after a while.
This shoe is terrific. The same good quality of the Brooks Addiction Walker but with a V-Strap. It is probably wise to order 1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size. If you dislike or have difficulty manipulating shoe laces, this shoe is a wonderful alternative.
The shoe was true to size but the straps were a little too short for my high instep. Bought the widest available.
I found this shoe to be true to size, both length & width, good support and visually attractive. One problem was that the top Velcro strap need's to be about 1-1.5" longer.
