Vivobarefoot Ra
I just got these shoes and like them a lot. My feet where my toes are are kind of square, so I wish the toe box didn't taper narrower by the pinky toe. I wear a 9 and got the 43s. If the toe box didn't taper I'd probably get a 42. (But I don't know European sizes, only US.) About the previous clown shoe comment, while I respect everybody's right to an opinion, I'm a therapeutic bodyworker, Structural Integration, and I can't tell you how many people have smashed in pinky toes from shoes that are too narrow. Narrow shoes might look more fashionable, but are hell on your feet and you ll notice it when you hit 50 or 60 and start having foot problems. And from what I've seen, not being able to walk right sucks. This shoe is designed to fit and feel great, and to be wonderful for feet, ankles, knees, pelvis, back, etc. It s designed wide to promote foot health. (And the Merrell Barefoot's are too narrow for me.) Once I started wearing barefoot shoes the challenges I'd had with my adductor and knee stopped. I wouldn't go back to cramped shoes with a heavy sole and heel if you paid me.
These are unique dress shoes. I like them. The only issue is that if your pants were sized to regular soled shoes than the pants will be dragging on the ground. That is something to think about when wearing these.
This is more of an initial impression than a full review. I got the Vivobarefoot Ras in black, and unfortunately did not purchase it from this wonderful website (though I would have, had they been in stock in size 43!). I hope to drive more business here with this review to make up for it. These are really great minimalist shoes, whether for the office or for everyday wear. That said, they are painful to wear barefoot. These shoes' chafing inner demands socks unlike most minimalist footwear. However, I imagine that will change as the leather softens up. Initially, the leather was tight and pinched rather painfully right below the toes. It can be alleviated by sliding your heel all the way back into the heel cup, and tightening the top lace to keep your foot from sliding forward. After some initial discomfort, and a two mile hike, the leather has become more pliant. Once you soften up the leather, they are very comfortable. The heel is very snug, and comes up quite far which may feel strange at first. They are a full size smaller than marked, so order a size up. The toe box is wide and allows the feet to spread naturally. They are great shoes for people with wide feet. The sole is super-thin, flat and flexible, with no cushioning to hinder your natural walking style. You can feel the texture of whatever is under your feet, a feeling similar to walking barefoot. They are so light you barely notice having them on. They look quite formal, and would be appropriate for business settings, a rare quality in a minimal shoe. The soles appear to be stitched rather than glued, which should ensure durability in the long term. I received them as a gift, but considering how they perform now that they're broken in I would call them reasonably priced. I highly recommend this shoe.
These are nice, but I much prefer the Vivobarefoot Oaks in both style and comfort. These look very nice and are fairly comfortable except the heel rubs a bit. One thing - the red/brown is kind of chestnut in color and is much harder to match than a more traditional dark brown shoe. I am a size 10.5, and the 43 fit me perfectly.
I got the brown leather version, and they are literally my favorite shoes I have ever had in all my shoe wearing years. I normally wear a mens 13 or 14, depending on the shoe and/or brand. The 47 fits me perfectly. No shoe is more comfortable, and when not using the foam insert, these give a great barefoot feel. Plenty of room in the toebox. I wore them with very nice slacks, shirt, & tie and they were nice enough to go along with the outfit. They also look great just with jeans. These are the best ever, and now I want a pair in black, just for when brown won't do. Sizing note: I have another pair of Vivos, the Aqua, and while the sole is identical to this shoe, that one is just barely big enough for me; seems there is less thickness in the materials of the Ra, but the sole size is consistent.
