PUMA Whirlwind Classic
Shoe is great - colors were the key for me, I needed something to go with my Green Bay Packers gear. Would not recommend as a running/walking shoe for someone with high arches (like me) but I'm just wearing them for style, not comfort, so they work great for me. They did seem to run about a half-size large though, I had to exchange and go down a half-size.
I wear a size 12 in most of my tennis shoes, but I have to have a 13 in these. Now that we have that out of the way, there is nothing left to give but accolades! I ordered a brown pair about six months ago, and loved them so much I had to have a black and white pair. Neutral colors are covered, so next I will be getting a blue pair, a red pair and so on and so on. These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever worn that didn't cost $80-$100. Strong words, I know. I have flat, narrow feet and am constantly searching for something that is comfy from start to finish. These are them. I wouldn't run a marathon in them because the cushion (for me) would be too thin, but if you want to hang out all day these will be so comfy you will almost feel like you are barefoot. And you can dress them up with a pair of jeans and a blazer or dress them down with shorts and a t-shirt. Trust me, I have done that with them in the same day! Awesome sneaker! You can't go wrong with a classic that has been around almost 30 years. They must be doing something right!
I love these shoes, though I only use them for casual wearing.  They feel a bit larger than my previous pair of Pumas of the same size.
Look great! Pretty "true-to-size". Very light-weight. Would purchase again if I had to "do it all over again."
These are an awesome shoe!  Run slightly narrow and have little to no arch support.  They do have good cushioning in the sole to help make up for the lack of support.  Very nice design.  Fit is true to size.  Depending on the shoe, I wear a 10 - 10.5.  I ordered a 10 and it fits well with 3/4 a thumb width of room in the big toe.  Get some!
Great shoe, very comfortable and retro stylish. I normally wear Onitsuka Tiger Ultimate 88 and these are just as comfortable, almost like you're not wearing anything. I was a little apprehensive about the small, cleat-like nubs on the sole but they actually feel pretty normal. However, as with other shoes like this, there is not much arch support at all. I've also found that for me Puma tends to be a whole size small, as I normally wear a 10 with most any other brand, but with Puma it's 11.
I had gotten these shoes over a year ago and they run huge. I am a huge Puma fanatic but their cuts for all their styles are different for each. These shoes run big. I am a 12, and I should have gotten an 11½, or maybe even a 12. These shoes are super comfortable. I should have exchanged them, but I was lazy. I recommend them though, these shoes are great. Get half a size smaller !
The shoe was exactly what I expected.  They are very light and comfertable.  However, I am glad I read the other reviews because the shoe definitly runs a half size smaller than listed.  
Shoes look great and fit to size. Not great for running, but super comfortable for wearing all day!
