Tsukihoshi Kids Marina (Toddler/Youth)
This is a super cute shoe and I love this brand. Unfortunately, we are returning it. I had read some of the reviews stating that their kid's foot was too wide for the shoe. My son's feet are pretty wide and the width seemed fine, but his feet are also very thick (top to bottom). That is where the problem with the fit was. I could get his feet in, but could not get the velcro strap across and it just looked uncomfortable for him. Tsukihoshi typically run big, but I found that these were even more so. I am trying to replace another pair that has finally worn out after the third kid. I ordered the same size that he is currently wearing and these were longer than the ones I am replacing. I love Tsukihoshi: they wear well, my kids all love them and they have very fun styles. They are definitely worth the price.
Such a cute shoe. Sizing runs large. Returning and reordering the (hopefully) correct size.
Fantastic. Cute, light weight, washable, easy on and off but secure, comfortable. We started my son in these at age 3, and ended up buying the same exact shoe 2 sizes ahead to have on hand as he grows that is how much we love them. I wish they had them for adults. My son calls them his orange jumpy shoes because he feels comfy jumping around in them. Excellent.
These seem like they are awesome shoes, but I am having to send these back b/c they are at least one entire size too big for my son. We are going to try them in a size smaller and see if that works b/c I really like the idea of a shoe that is so light, breathable, flexible and easy to get on. I wear nothing but barefoot shoes, and I would like to encourage my children to do the same unless they need something else.

I love these shoes! My 3-year-old has some sensory issues about shoes and he loves them. The way the tongue is attached to one side makes them super easy for him to get on himself, and they're stylish, too. Very lightweight. Wish they had them in MY size!
Love Tsukihoshi shoes. When they get dirty, just throw them in the washer/dryer! So great to be able to do that with boys' shoes! These are water shoes, so we wear them to church, school and to the lake! Love them. Just wish they would make them in larger sizes.
Very cute, hip and fun shoes. I love the design and style. However, the shoe runs huge, I think Tsukihoshi in general run very large, a full size up. I've had to return shoes of this brand multiple times because the sizing is very odd.
Great looking but don't fit a toddler's foot. Too narrow to even put on. Insole does match the size of toddler's foot, but fit just isn't working for an average size toddler's foot. Returning these shoes. Too bad they don't fit at all, because they look so cute. 
Love these shoes! My daughter (2 years), who was a late walker is not a very steady walker/runner. These are perfect for her. They are not bulky or stiff. They have cushion and are flexible. Easy to take on/off. She measures as just over a size 7. I ordered a 7 and there is a bit of room to spare. I would say they are about a half size larger than marked.
Be careful. I love Tsukihoshis. I ordered a 12 because my son currently has another pair of Tsukihoshs that I in the same size. The 12 in this style is huge. I have no idea if they are mismarked or what. I have to return them.
