Five Ten Moccasym™
I bought this shoe in the same size as my street shoe, size 14, and they were very tight at first, but not uncomfortably so.  I felt an immediate difference climbing.  I could grip so much more easily than ever before, it felt like cheating!  I highly recommend these.  They will stain your feet, but it's worth it.
Great shoe for a beginner climber. This is my first climbing shoe and I love it thus far. Its been great for bouldering, too. My only complaint is that it doesn't really stretch as much as some people have suggested. I've worn it more than 10 times now and it is still moderately uncomfortable (to the extent of being painful) on one leg. I bought one size smaller than my regular shoe size, and would suggest new climbers trying half a size smaller to start with. Overall, its a good slipper and I would definitely recommend it to others.
There is a reason these shoes have been around as long as they have...fantastic all around shoe. No matter what else I have in my pack, I always have a pair of Moccasyms, and they work fantastic for just about everything except micro-edging (then I break out the not-so-comfy Anasazi velcros). Unlike the other reviewer, I don't buy mine small. In fact I buy them a half size bigger than my other shoes so they will be comfy for all day use and also fantastic for skinny little cracks. Curled toes are excruciating for cracks and a boxy toe won't perform on little cracks. If I bought them small, maybe they would be great for micro-edges also, but I will happily have comfy feet for 90% of my climbing and crank on the edging shoes when I have to.
As I'm sure you can gather from all the other reviews, this is one of the best all-around shoes out there. You may get people who scoff at you for using "outdated technology" as they strut around in their clunky velcro-covered zipper shoes with prehensile toes and all-rubber coatings, but you can chuckle at them (on the inside of course...those zippers can leave a mark) and know that sometimes the classics are the best. Performance wise, if you size these right, they will fit quite literally like a glove (mine have little grooves on the tops and on the insole that my toes slip into so that my foot never shifts the slightest). The only trouble, as many have pointed out, is heel hooking. Though, after reading all the complaints, I was pleasantly surprised. Unless you're working a seriously overhanging arête, they feel really quite secure on any hooks I can throw at them (throw them at?). The only tough thing is trying to hook something that has a point. There is not much padding on the heels, so it can be a bit painful. As for sizing, get them SMALL! They hurt like hell the first few days, don't worry. It took me a solid 5 minutes to get them on the first day, and I couldn't walk in them for at least 2 days, but now they are custom molded. For size, here goes: I wear 9 in the evolv defy's, 9 in anasazis, 9 in Jet 7's, ~10 dragons and 7.5 is perfect for me in the moccasyms. Not considering the pain, you may not love them the first few days, the rubber takes a bit of time to get supple and sticky, but then its game on! Smears, smedges, toe hooks, slabs, overhangs, it excels at most everything, and as your feet get stronger, the shoes feel better and better! All in all, I would say the best combo of shoes you could have would be the mocs plus an aggressive shoe (dragons, solutions, etc) for tough redpoints and overhanging pockets. However, I really think you could do with just these shoes in your arsenal and never feel the need for anything else.
The BEST all around climbing shoe - 
I have been using Moccasyms for years. They are my guiding shoe of choice due to their sensitivity, comfort, ease of on/off at belays. I also use this shoe religiously for sandstone crack climbing. Their slipper design means they don't interfere with inserting your foot into all sizes of cracks!

