Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Mexico 66®
I have size 11, regular width feet with medium arches and I find that these shoes fit my feet perfectly and are insanely comfortable. If you like Converse chucks for being a flat-soled, stylish simple shoe, then you'll love the Mexico 66 shoes because they're even more comfortable than Converse. I still have a pair of these that I bought over 10 years ago that are in pretty good shape despite the sole almost having a hole now. 
I normally don't wear athletic style shoes, but find these fit so well and are very comfortable for casual wear. They are not bulky or heavy and very cute. I can wear them to work also! This is my 4th pair and will probably purchase another pair when these wear out. They run true to size unlike most athletic and outdoor style shoes.
Prompt shipping. Shoes were received in good condition. The shoes are comfortable and true to size.
These are the most comfortable and attractive looking sneakers I have ever owned. I just ordered my second pair (in a different color combo. The first combo I bought is no longer available). I have a size six which is a bit roomier than I need. I thought they ran larger. I actually wear a five and a half, so I'm going with that this time around. These are worth every penny. I can see myself buying them again in the future.
I love these shoes.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  I have very narrow feet and I ordered my usual size 7; the fit is perfect for me.
These shoes really are as cute as they look!  I read a few reviews, and took the advice of others, that being that if you swing between two sizes (I'm usually a 7 1/2 or 8), I would go for the smaller of the two.  Very happy with this purchase!
These shoes have an amazing fit for my size (12).  I usually have to buy men\'s because they come a little longer than women\'s and that is not the case here.  The support is not perfect, but I added an insert and really love them.  They are so comfortable and light weight.
This is my second pair. I bought a pair in 2008 and since then have put a lot of mileage on them. The only reason I retired them for a new pair four years later was that my feet got one size larger. Great shoes through and through.
These shoes are cute. Sizing is weird though and runs half to a full size small. I walk a lot and found the insoles to be insufficient for my needs so I actually ended up taking them out and replacing them with the Crocs brand insoles. The insoles fit perfectly and I highly recommend them. Now these shoes are cute and super comfy!
These shoes are awesome.  Really comfortable and cute.  I wore them trekking all over Italy and they were great.  Only thing is that they run a little big.  I normally wear a 7 and ordered the corresponding size.  I ended up having to ship them back and get a smaller size.  No problem though since it's free shipping both ways!  
