Nike Golf Lunar Control
These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever had, let alone that they are golf shoes.
I purchased size 8 Wide, where I would normally wear a 8.5 M in Nike sneaks.

The Lunar Controls provide great cushioning, good stability without being too flexible, great traction, and great support.
On sidehill lies, I don't feel like I would ever slip.  On very aggressive moves during the swing, I never slip.  When walking on concrete, the cushioning helps reduce the impact and yet I don't feel like they ever slip there either.

I can play 18 holes, and whether I walk or ride, the shoes still feel so great that I just hop in the car and drive home without changing shoes.  They are that comfortable.  The light weight also helps reduce fatigue.
I love that they offer wide width as well.  That little bit of extra room helps in the toebox after my feet have swollen at the end of a round.

If you want a traditional looking, comfortable, and stable shoe, try these Lunar Controls.
If you want a more sporty looking shoe that's even lighter and more sporty looking, try the Lunar Ascends.
An excellent golf shoe. It provides superior traction, support and comfort for a moderate price. The Tri Lok spike system keeps the dirt out of the socket much better than the old Q Lok system did. I am very pleased with the purchase. The only issue of note...I wear a lot of Nike shoes and usually find them on the small side, but these feel half a size large.
Finally found a shoe equal in comfort to my Adidas tech response but one that is water proof for fall play. I tried Footjoy Superlights but gave up after 1 months as they were uncomfortable to walk 18 holes. The Lunar controls have been great so far (4 falls round walking in wet cold weather). Comfort is outstanding. About as good as you'll find in a traditional leather shoe. Not as supple as the Adidas tech response, which is more like a sneaker. That said very comfortable to walk 18 and then stay in the shoes for drinks. I walked 18 the first day I wore the shoes. The light weight helps walking comfort. I bought the Nikes as they are meaningfully lighter than than higher end Adidas like tour360s, that also seem comfortable in the store. Traction is better than the Footjoy superlights as the spikes don't gummed up with grass clipping/mud as much in the fall. One small drawback: The toe box is generous so that I find that my foot slips inside the shoe if I am walking up a steep grade or on a sharply sloped fairway. Never an issue when I address the ball on a sloped fairway, just when I walk. I have flat but reasonably thin feet. These shoes would fit fleshier feet better. I am a size 8.5M.
