Keen Alki Slip On
I bought these shoes for my husband who is on his feet all day at his job. Great shoe! Very comfortable. I bought a size 11 (his normal size) but did have to return these and order a 10 1/2.
I was looking for a good pair of slip on shoes as I am constantly going in and out of the house. Especially the week ends when doing out side chores and trying to help my wife with indoor chores as needed. Not very helpful when tracking dirt through the house with every trip. This is my first pair of slip on shoes and I love 'em. A little stiff out of the box - but wore them around the house for a bit to soften them up. They were true to fit size wise and now that they are fully broken in, they are all I wear when not at work (I need white shoes at work). I do all my hardworking and chores, metal detect on the beach, and even hike in the woods with them. Seem durable, I'm tough on shoes, but so far so good and would buy in the future.
I have had Keen sandals for about three years, and wear them all summer, in water and out, so often that my feet tan in stripes between the straps. They are great. So I was pretty confident purchasing these loafers for winter wear. So far, so good. They come a little tight, but break in pretty quickly, and they are very comfortable, which I suspect will only improve with time. I think they're a good all-around shoe, wearable for anything casual and even for most business casual events. Not a dress shoe, though. I have large feet, and these shoes don't emphasize the issue. I'm very happy with them, and expect they will last many winters.
Keen has a way of making every shoe a good fit and built in comfort. I know that ordering my size will produce good results.
Disappointed. I bought these for my husband, who usually wears a size 8. He had to go to a size 7 and his heel was still slipping up and down when walking. We even tried heel grips. They are nice looking, sturdy shoe with the usual Keen quality. Just a bummer they don't come in size 6 because i think that would be perfect.
