Brooks PureGrit®
These are great, minimalist shoes. I used to run in Brooks Cheetahs about 10 years ago. This remind me of those, because they are light and cushioned, but apparently are the trail version of that. The only thing that seems to make it a trail shoe is the color, but maybe there is something more to the tread. Anyway, I'm very happy with them. Also the light blue (neon) color seems to be brighter around the sole than on the upper. In terms of sizing, I have wide feet and tend to wear US11 in street shoes and US12 in running shoes. These are size 12, so they are no exception to that rule. So at least for me, I size them up one full size compared to street shoes.
First impression after 5 miles of muddy, rocky trails, hills and wet fields. Overall it's a good shoe and I'm happy with them so far. Size 10, mens. Good Aspects: This shoe is vegan, score (most Brooks running shoes are)! The black / green styling is great, its a good looking shoe. It's relatively light yet feels sturdy. The sole has enough flex while providing sufficient protection from rocks on the trail. Construction quality looks good with no obvious defects in craftsmanship or finishing. Traction was good up and downhill in the mud and on trails. Minor Detractors: As noted by other reviews online, the "Nav Band" doesn't really do much for fit and gets in the way of adjusting the shoe laces. This shoe hugs my feet less and has more slip than the Brooks Cascadia. This may be due to the foot well being flatter and having less of a cupped shape. Heel and ankle fit is not as snug as other shoes, there is some separation of the heel from the bottom when walking/running. This can be mitigated some by tightening the shoe laces, but that can make it a little too snug mid-foot. This shoe runs about a half size smaller than the Brooks Cascadia. Or maybe the Cascadia runs a half size large. Either way keep that in mind if trying to determine size online. As also noted in other reviews online, traction on wet, flat surfaces was a little slippery - in this case wet asphalt. I mainly plan to use these as trail shoes so this should not be of concern except on bridges over creeks. This was also the first run in them so perhaps the sole material will improve once worn down a little.
These shoes are very comfortable right out of the box.  Just got them today and went for a 5 mile walk on pavement...very comfy.  I think Brooks is my new favorite.  They are a bit narrower than Nike and Asics which is great for me.  They fit like a glove.  I ordered a half size up and they are perfect.
This brand just doesn't fit my foot correctly.  Tried in a couple of different sizes and styles.
Extremely light weight.  Great for the correct foot.  
For those of you whose 2nd toe is longer than big toe, it hits on the side.
Loved these shoes for my 50 mile race. Comfortable and wide enough for my wide feet. To provide some extra space, I will go up a half size with my next pair.
Like all running shoes, I ordered a 1/2 size up, and it fit fine, except it's a bit too narrow in the toe box. It's a shame since it is very comfortable everywhere else and seems like a great shoe. 

