Vans Kids Classic Slip-On (Toddler/Youth)
This is definitely a classic shoe and a quality brand. My family loves Vans but I never realized how comfortable they were until I got my own.  I ordered the equivalent of a Women's size 6 in the Youth size 3.  They still ran a half size too big so I had to send this pair back.  The checkerboard Aurora/Pink are so cute!
I found the perfect shoe! They are great for running around but look cute in skirts too. They do run a little big. My 6 year old is usually a size 13 and the 12 fits her perfectly. I got a pair in both sizes and she can wear the 13 without the heel slipping out, but it is quite long in the toe. I'm keeping both sizes! I got a pair for my 4 year old too and both kids wear them constantly.
These are adorable, very cute and we loved them EXCEPT, they run big, about a half size larger than we usually buy. In addition, my daughter has a narrow foot and these are too wide, she flip flops in them. I think it's probably just the style as the lace-up style fits her fine. We love the print, but unfortunately, they are going back.
Really adorable shoes! My kids are pretty hard on their shoes. These hold up well and don't show too much dirt (even though there is so much white). I do think they run slightly large/long. My daughter has narrow feet and these seem to work well for her. If you're hoping to get some extra mileage out of these shoes by ordering a half or whole size up, I'd advise against it. Order they size your child wears right now.
So so cute!!! Ordered Sunday night, received Tuesday afternoon....very fast delivery. They are about a half size too big. I ordered thinking there would be a little room to grow, but there is way two much she prob won't fit in them even after 2nd grade,haha. She is sad we have to send them back to go down a size but I'm hoping it will be a quick return. 
These Vans are so cute and comfortable for my 7-year old. Vans run slightly small -- she usually wears size 10 1/2 to 11 but wears a 10 for Vans. She has narrow feet. Cute Hello Kitty design and really adorable on with jeans.
You will have to go down one shoe size but it is a great shoe! My daughter loves them. I can't seem to get her to wear anything else.
These are great shoes! They are replacing my Vans that I wore out from last year. I ordered my normal size 3½ and they are half a size too big, so a 3 should fit perfectly.
These are very cute, but they run very big. I would say they run 2-3 whole sizes bigger than expected. For example: my daughter has Nike running sneakers in a 10. She needs to go up a size. So I got 11 in these and they are huge. 11 in other shoes are just fine. They are way bigger, so order down.
Can't say enough great about these shoes. Daughter loves how easy they are to slip on and they look super cute. These do run a whole size large. We had ordered before and so knew this in advance but ORDER A FULL SIZE DOWN. As long as you stick to that rule, these are great shoes. 
Actually has arch support! My daughter with average width (maybe a tad wide) foot has always liked Vans. This new group has moderate arch support. I was shocked. Well made. They seem to run a half size bigger. My daughter wears an 11 and I got her the 11 and they are a bit big but she still wears them. She picked out the White ones (sigh) with butterfly. Very cute! Just hope I can keep clean.
I loved this shoe and so did my 6 year old, so cute and well made. The only reason I had to return it was sizing. My daughter is a 12 1/2; I ordered a size 1 which was a whole size to big. I sent them back for 12 1/2 no room to grow. So I guess we will try again when she is a 1.
These Vans are so adorable, and my daughter loves them. I originally ordered a size 13.5, but they were too big. The same day, I called and ordered a size 13. I must say I was pleased to receive the shoes within 2 days. 

Very cute shoe but they sure do run big. I agree with other reviewers to order a whole size smaller.
I normally love the slip-on Vans. I've been buying my two boys a new pair every 6 months for the last four years it seems. They have other shoes, but the slip-on Vans are just so easy to get on and out the door, and I like the way they look. That being said, I will say the two pairs I ordered for both of my boys for school this past August are much harder for them to get on their feet. I'm thinking maybe their was a change in the design, since this was never an issue before. On this particular color/style, the elastic doesn't have much give, I noticed that my younger son who is still in the Toddler size has so much more elastic on his shoes. My older son has one shoe that is just so hard for him to get on. He's a thin kid and his feet are normal width, so it's not a question of his foot not fitting. Once on, the shoe is fine, but there's no give in the elastic to get them on easily, which kind of defeats the purpose. I'm hoping in time that it becomes easier. These normally are the go-to-shoe in the mornings, but lately they have been picking running sneakers with laces instead, since they feel better on their feet.
I love Vans! I wore them as a kid and now my son 5 year old son loves them too. I ordered these in a half size smaller than he would normally wear(wears a 1, so I got a 13 1/2 but should've gotten a 13) because they are slip-ons and that is usually standard. He wanted the bright blue ones with the T-Rex skeletons and he LOVES them! However they were still too big. It seems about a whole size. Now that I read other reviews I realize that! Since they do not carry them anymore we are going to save them for him to grow into. I got the plain black slip-ons for in the meantime.
My 6 year old son loves Vans, and these are really fun for him.  We only had to order a 1/2 size down rather than a full size down.
I bought these shoes for my grandson Eli. I love them! So does he. The color is great and goes with everything. He wears them all the time so they must be very comfortable. I was out with him this week, and a woman inquired about them. She thought they were so cute. This sneaker is one I will probably buy the next size for next year's school year. Highly recommend!
I bought these for my best friend's son and he loves them. They run big so I had to send the first pair back for a smaller size and they are still a little big but that will give him room to grow into them. He definitely has the coolest shoes in his class!
My son was so excited when we opened these! He absolutely loves the bright blue! But they do run a size big. We decided to keep them until he grows into them because they are not available in the next size down.
This shoe does not run true to size. I have ordered it in my son's size, then down a half size and it is still too big! 2 returns...boo!
My sons have been wearing Vans for quite some time now. They are rough on their shoes and tend to wear out a pair of Vans every time they go up a half size, so I always order in the half sizes. These shoes run large from a half size to almost a whole size, so don't buy larger for them to grow into. If they currently wear a 13 junior, go with a Vans 13 for them to grow in. Don't even think about a half size bigger. In saying this, I get confused when I have to size them for a different brand. Well...they are a 1 in Vans...so I guess they are 2 in everything else.
These are very cute shoes - but as with a lot of slip-ons they can be tricky to order. My son measures 12.5 - so typically I order a 1/2 size up, which I did. The 13 was flopping off of his feet. I ordered the 12.5 and while they do fit, they also slip a bit. We did keep them since I know in a matter of a month or so they will fit properly!
