inov-8 F-Lite™ 195
Love these soes! I've been suffering from plantar fasciitis for the past 4 months, and this is the only pair of shoes I could wear that don't hurt. For some reason, the very low heels of these shoes are helping my PF. I've stored away the other stability shoes I had purchased since those hurt my feet a lot. I use these F-Lite 195 for work as well as for exercising (riding the bike, running short distances, elliptical machine, rowing machine, etc.). I usually wear an 8.5 in women's shoes, but I ordered the same size as my running shoes, Size 9, to make room for swollen feet after running. They fit perfectly and comfortably! Going 1/2 size bigger also makes room for my arch support orthotics. Can't say enough good things about these shoes!
I absolutely adore these shoes! Unfortunately I had to return them due to being slightly big (I ordered a half size larger than normal after reading some reviews to order a half size up. But I guess it really depends on the brand). Looking very forward to them being back in stock so i can order true to size. Very comfortable
These shoes are simply great! The size is true. The fit is comfortable and they are really light (it feels like I am not wearing shoes at all). I work out in a gym and also on a track including crossfit exercises. Get 'em!
I bought these minimalist shoes to avoid running injuries that I've sustained in the past. I normally wear a size 9 but the 9's that I originally ordered were way too big. The 8.5 that I ordered were better but the toe was still too long and the 8 that I tried were too small. I tripped and fell several times while wearing them running and to the gym. I you're a woman, I would not buy these shoes. They are not well styled for smaller feet.
Received the shoes on July 4th, 2012 (took about 8 days give or take via snail mail to Iraq). I use them about 6 days a week, which includes running, weight lifting and cross fit type work outs. I also just use them to walk around in as they are very comfortable once you get use to them. It does take a couple weeks to break in your calves and get your lower leg muscles used too, definitely not for those who are easily discouraged (I recommend using a massage ball or something similar during the break in period to help with the tenderness). Size wise, I normally wear a size 10R in the Asics (Gel- Kayano 17), so I gambled on a size 9.5 with the F-lite 195. The fit was fairly accurate, width wise was perfect and I still had about 1/2" or less big toe space while wearing socks. The best thing about these shoes is you'll immediately notice how much more stable your body alignment is when doing squats, dead-lifts or any standing press type exercise. Awesome shoe!
Love these shoes! I had a pair of F-Lite 195's in another color; when they wore out I bought this pair. I wear a women's size 9 and bought a men's 7.5. They fit very well overall with plenty of space in the toe box.
Awesome shoes, primarily used for CrossFit. The shoes didn't require any break in time and were significantly better than traditional running shoes right off the bat. I found that a half size smaller is the ideal fit, so keep that in mind. 
