Chaco PedShed
I own Chaco sandals so had high hopes for this shoe but will be sending it back. The shoe ran at least a half-size long but the wide width was fine. The back of the shoe came up too high on my heal and felt like it would rub blisters within no time. The shoe also felt a bit stiff.
Great shoe, love my chaco sandals, so finally a chaco vibram shoe. Feels full size too large though. I ordered a size down, but even though it was a better fit lengthwise, it was too narrow for my wide feet (even though I ordered the wide). I ended up keeping the larger one.
The first pair I returned had a crack in the leather, but the fit was good. This current pair is to big, even though they were the same size. frustrating!
I absolutely love these shoes. I wear my Chaco sandals all summer and was pleased to try these shoes. I was a bit skeptical at first because some had commented on the shoe size was a bit small in their regular size. My toe did touch the end, but I wore them in the house to make sure I liked them. Any leather shoe does stretch and I felt that this would happen. I kept them and am so pleased that I did. I love them! I love the adjustable strap to snug up if you're wearing a light or heavy sock. I'm going to have my elderly mother try a pair!
Love these shoes! I have insanely high arches/instep and a wide forefoot. The womens were not wide enough and made my toes fall asleep. Too tight across the instep. I envy the people who write they need to tighten the strap! I ordered the mens and the extra width was just the ticket! Best arch support ever! True to size. Fit just like my sandals (wides) I work 12 hour shifts and needed no break in time.
Just got my new Chaco PedShed shoes they seem a little heavy, but I haven't got to wear them a whole day yet. I am glad I read a review on them about the size. I usually wear a 9 but got a 8.5 and they fit perfectly. Hopefully they will help the bone spurs in my feet.
My feet love these shoes. If you struggle getting the proper arch support in your shoes then look no further than Chacos. I may never buy another casual shoe or boot. I typically wear a 10.5, but Chacos run about a half size larger than most. So, I have size 10 in the brown. Note that I originally ordered the PedShed in Military Brown, which is really an olive drab green. It's hard to see that on the website.
Just like a pair of Chacos but covered in leather, so you don't have to give up your Chaco allegiance over the winter. I wear a size 9 in the sandals, but my PedShed shoes are a 8.5.

100 miles on them, they still feel good, the leather is holding up to minor scratches with bushes and rocks. I bought them for the Chaco foot-bed, and the ability to resole them. Since they lack the complete wrap over the foot, plan on wearing socks to keep them snug, but then again I bought them to wear places I couldn't wear the sandals. I bought the same size as my sandals, which left me room to wear wool socks if needed. If you like the support your z1s or 2s gave you over the summer, then there is no point not to get a pair of these to support you through the fall and winter.
I own a pair of the Z1s, so I ordered the PedSheds in the same size. The fit is between snug and tight around the arches. I'm not complaining but if I had to re-order, I'd get a half-size or full size larger.
These are unbelievably comfortable, easy to get on and off and I love how they look. I did have to order down a full size and a half, they seem to be run quite big. I typically wear an 11, but had to go down to a 9.5 for the perfect fit.
