Finn Comfort Cusco - 82736
Very cute shoe. Well made (I have other Finn Comfort shoes/boots). But this shoe runs too short. I am a true size 12 on the narrow side. My big toes are banging up against the end of the shoe (even with the thinnest of socks). I had the same problem last year with the Soho model. The 43 Euro size is not a 12 US. They need to make a 44. My other Finn's are men's and my narrow foot swims in them, but at least they are long enough. I have posterior tibialis tendonitis (jumping tendon) and need arch support.
My Finn Comfort boots run a bit big, but these do not, so they don't fit and I have to send them back. I hope the red style comes back next year so I can get them in the correct size...they're cute!
These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn.  Based on other reviews, I bought them.  I wear a size 10 and I don\'t know if that has anything to do with it.  I am going to give them away they are so bad.
The style is superior to most of the FC lace-ups; they are light and breathable; the five-hole lacing allows for a precise custom fit. There is adequate support and traction for walking on uneven ground, dirt or pavement; wet or dry (I've tested). I have multiple forefoot difficulties including bone spurs and osteoarthritis and the toe box has ample width and depth. Totally comfortable from day 1. I was actually hoping these wouldn't work because I was not really up for spending the money, but somehow I sensed from the picture that these would be right for me. I was lucky enough to get the last pair in my size and am completely delighted with them!
Sizing - 
The shoes are good-looking, soft and well made. I ordered them because they were supposedly size 12 & 1/2, but they aren't any longer than another size 12 Finn Comfort I have. However, with the difficulty I have in finding shoes that fit, I will keep them and see if I can have them stretched in the area of the right second toe which pinches. I hope to have a long period of comfortable wear from them.

