Five Ten Savant
Sturdy shoe. Awesome heel cup, possibly the best on the market. Stiff sole for a lightweight type shoe. Marking sole, heads up! Runs close to a full size smaller than marked for sure and they run wide.
I bought my Savants for whitewater kayaking. I find that they offer superior traction and support as compered to any of the thinner and lighter water shoes I've had in the past. The Savants are just running shoes that drain water. They don't even come close to fitting in my play boat, and they barely squeeze into my 8.1 Nomad. I normally wear size 8, I had to go up 1 full size to make room for dry suit booties. I can't remark on durability yet. For kayaking the 5.10 Water Tennie might be a little better being just slightly smaller so that they fit in the boat easier.

This is the best light weight approach shoe I've ever worn. I love the fit which is a true size 11 in my case. and you can't beat the rummer on the soles. Five ten has done it again. The best in comfort and performance.

This five ten is true to size. I have a size 11B foot. The size 11, which is a 42.5, fits perfectly. I will be able to use a thin neoprene sock with it. The men's canyoneering (yellow and black) was too white, too short in 42.5. The water tennie by five ten in the 42.5 was too short. Yay! It doesn't beat up my heel like the size 11 runamuck did. Yay!
Shoe construction is good. The insert is removable so you can use your choice of orthotic. The footbed is sewn in; however, in one shoe there is excess fabric folded over (under ball of foot) and glued into a small peak. Hopefully, the peak will flatten with break-in. There is minimal over gluing between the outside materials. Sizing is definitely small. A size 9 is comparable to a size 8 by Saucony. These shoes were purchased for mountain biking with flats and fast packing.
Great shoes. Bought them for canyoneering, because canyoneering shoes have only one use. They grip like glue on wet rocks. Will still slip on the moss. Light weight. Runs true to size, except feels wider than B width. Love them.
I purchased these for my son.  He wears them for Parquor.  If you saw the opening of the James Bond movie where the guys are jumping over obstacles, that\'s Parquor.  He says it works great for outdoor running and jumping.  He had to get a size bigger than what the size chart indicates to get a good fit.  He loves them.
