ASICS GEL-Express® 3
I normally wear New Balance (due to a very wide foot), but thought I would try these. They seem to be working well. The only issues I have with them is that the insoles do not come out, so I can insert my custom orthotics. Seems to run about 1/2 size small, but the width is great.
They are true to size. The shoe overall is a bit bulky so if you're looking for something sleek, stick with Nike. All the extra bulk is from the extra padding so wearing it for long periods is always comfy. Construction is very high quality. The tread grips and there's plenty of cushioning when you really start to pound your feet.
I will admit that I bought these for the style, but the overall fit and support are excellent. I wear a size 12 4e and it's hard to find any shoe let alone one that looks nice. The insole is a bit on the slippery side but that seems to be going away. I run about 7-9 hours a week and this shoe is currently one of 5 pairs in rotation.
My husband wears an 11 4E width. Finding shoes that are the correct size and feel good is not an easy task! He usually wears New Balance but we tried these and are please with the fit and comfort. He does a lot of walking on concrete at work and the the gel soles are great. His only complaint was that the shoe laces could have been a little longer. Wider widths need a little longer lace. The laces tied but there was not room to do a double knot.
Even at extra wide, these shoes were tight around my toes.  I really wanted to like these, but I knew I'd get blisters.

Great ankle support, no slippage.  Length was true to size.
Too tight/narrow. I wear 4E and is okay in other shoes. This one restricted, though not as much as the "ASICS GEL-170 TR." By loosening the laces, I was able to get it on my foot, but it was very snug. The cushioning felt great. If they made a wider size, I'd definitely try it. I've tried two ASICS, and each was too tight/narrow compared to what I usually wear.

Great shoes.  Right size and great price.  I just wish they weren't sold out of my size so I could buy another pair!
This is a comfortable cross-trainer at a good price.  I ordered a half size larger than usual.
