Brooks Ghost GORE-TEX®
Don't know about these. Have other pairs of Brooks, and love them. This shoe feels comfortable on my foot, no pinching or anything, but after a couple of hours -- ouch! For whatever reason they make my Achilles tendon hurt like h**l! Tried them out in the house, and when I decided they were okay, fed the horses in them. Now I guess they are mine. Mud and poop stained, and only good for wearing short times. Maybe they'll break in. I will have to wait until the Salomon's I usually buy are back in stock in my size (the curse of wearing a woman's 12).
These shoes are hideous to look at and not at all feminine and it may be because the color is black - that's the bad news. The good news is that they are waterproof and that's rare in running shoes. The fit is as advertised, so no need to size up or down. If you have wide feet, I'd suggest you still try them as I normally order wide and found these are actually fit in width. The shoe has a little arch support but not a lot but you can put your own orthotics in which I have done. I'd recommend this shoe. Hope they make them in a more feminine color going forward.
Love this shoe! True to size and width. Extra room in the toe area. Good heel to toe walking. Waterproof makes this shoe perfect. My second pair. I have a neutral foot and the fit is excellent.
I love these sneakers! I used to hate not being able to wear my sneaker in rain, now I can wear these all the time. Fit: I bought these a half-size big to wear with thick socks. Last time I tried that (with Adidas), I had to get a thicker insole. Not this time -- these have seem to have molded around my foot. It feels really nice, and the more I wear them, the nicer it feels. Style: I wear these with jeans and a dress-shirt to work. I think they look elegant, but still got a little kick to them warmth: they are made to be breathable, so wind blows through them, but not too bad, nothing that would make me go back to shoes even when it gets below freezing. Rain/snow: this is the best part -- pouring rain, puddles, snow, nothing gets to my foot.
My 17 year old son liked these shoes.  We ordered then 1/2 size bigger and they fit fine.
I do not usually write reviews, but these were worthy of some input. I run or walk about 30 miles a week. This includes street or trail. I was looking for waterproof shoes that would allow me to do this with comfort and support. These fit the bill in every way. Although they are not as light as track shoes they are much lighter than most trail runners at 13 ounces. They are extremely supportive for those with neutral feet and not needing a lot of pronation control. They have a roomy toe box with a nice snug heel fit. The tread is gum-rubber sticky on wet pavement! The waterproofing Gortex works great in the slushy Seattle weather. These are great urban walking shoes too. They are size accurate. I hope they continue to make this style!
