Easy Spirit Punter
I need a WW size shoe and this is a true WW.  There is plenty of room throughout the shoe, expecially in the toe box.  It is extremely comfortable right out of the box and has excellent cushioning in the sole, expecially in the heel.  If you are between half-sizes, I would go up for plenty of room in the toe. 
I bought these shoes because I wore out another pair. These fit great and provide the support I need. At first, I bought the size 9, but I had to return them for a smaller size. Thick socks work best for me to get a good fit, though. Customer service was terrific. I got the new ones in record time.
I'm on my third pair of these tennis shoes! I can't speak highly enough about how comfortable they are. Easy Spirit is famous for designing shoes to fit difficult feet, and once again it scores a touchdown with me! I have wide feet, so I ordered these in an EE size. I am going to say that it felt true to width--please note that you might be like me where you have wide feet and you're used to ordering so-called wide shoes that aren't wide enough. You shouldn't have that problem here, so don't up-size thinking it will happen, because the EE was the perfect width for my wide feet to be very comfortable. As a sidenote, I also have flat feet and still didn't have any issue with the arch support (there's all that much arch support in these shoes, but for flat feet that's not necessarily bad. Sometimes arch supports can hurt rather than help flat feet!). If you have a career where you're on your feet and can wear this style of shoe, I highly, highly recommend.
I bought these shoes for my Mother without the hassle of going to a retail shoe to try and find her size. She loves them. They are very comfortable and very stable. Highly recommended.
This is a truly fabulous shoe! I felt the size and width of the shoe was accurate. Like others have said about the shoe, you can put it on and wear it all day without any break-in period! It was extremely comfortable. My only regret is that it doesn't have quite as much arch support as I require for my flat feet, but the rest of the shoe is so comfy that I wear them all the time regardless. Highly recommend.
