Supra TK Society
I got this for my girlfriend and she just loves them. :) She loves the style and the colorway which is Black/Yellow. The two straps are hard to have all the way strapped without.being uncomfortable. So leave them unstrapped unless you have skinny legs. The price could be lower and just get your normal size and you should be good. :)
These shoes are beyond comfortable. Instead of one size up like other reviewers, I recommend getting a half size up. I get compliments everywhere I go. The only down side in my opinion is that the velcro straps cannot be used like in the photo. I have slim ankles, but at best my straps only go halfway around when comfortably tightened. Thankfully these shoes look pretty sick with the straps loose.
Overall I am happy with these shoes. The style is really bold, but knew that when ordering them.  The quality fit and finish is good, but expected at this price.

I bought them sized on other skate shoe brands (e.g. DC, Nike SB)  These feel much larger at least a half size if not more.
Okay, so these are great and fit well. I wear size 14 and that's what I ordered and they're fine. If anything they are a bit smaller than other 14s I have.
Great looking shoe! These fit a half size larger than normal, so keep that in mind. These shoes are also a true high top. Overall, a great shoe.
Extremely fast shipment. Shoe fits true to size and is exactly what description said. Great gift for my boyfriend for Valentine's day. Thanks!
Purple TK Society - Okay everyone, please make sure you buy one size lower! I promise you that they are one size bigger! I was nervous at first for buying one size lower than usual, but when I got them they felt just like the right size! So please make sure to buy one size lower! Oh, and they do actually kind of look good with shorts if you don't strap them up.
Need more colorways. I bought the TK Society black perf leather and love them. It was because of my search for a pair in my size that I found your site. You had one pair left! I did notice they seem a little wide; do these ever come in a more narrow width? Anyway, I love them and hope to see more TK Society colorways on Rideshop. I like that you guys carry more shoe options in smaller sizes than other sites I've searched. Not all girls shop the womens shoes and it's hard to find the shoes I want in anything smaller than Men's 8, much less sizes 5 to 5.5 that I need. Thanks and keep bringing us more. I know many girls that would love to hear about this site.
These have got to be the hottest shoes out right now. I bought the red pair and they turn heads EVERYWHERE I go, people tell me they look way better than the Air Yeezy's and they cost less. They are really comfortable and really tall, Supra's run big so you probably want to go 1 shoe size smaller than you usually get. 
