Nike Free Trainer 5.0
These shoes dirty fast but feel and look great. Very comfortable and fit perfect even to my size 15 foot. 
Great training shoe. True to size. Light, Flexible shoe good for running or lifting. Highly recommend
Great looking shoe and comfortable but not quite as comfortable as the Nike Free 7.0 v2 (non-trainer model).  It's more stable than the Free 7.0 though, especially when doing lateral movements.  Width is perfect but beware of the small pointy toebox. I own a size 9US Ballistec 4.3 and they fit me perfectly unlike this Free Trainer that is a little bit shorter in length. I should have ordered half a size bigger, my middle toe tends to curl inside caused by inadequate pointy toebox room.  
Overall, it's a great looking and performing trainer.
I have been looking at these for a few weeks and I finally picked them up yesterday. I actually bought them at a Nike Factory Store. I usually wear a size 9.5 but I had to go up to a 10 with these. I wore them the last 2 days for some outdoor activities. They are light, stylish, and comfortable However, I did feel a little discomfort on the top of the shoe near the outside of them touch. I felt something poking at my ankle. I was a little uncomfortable for a bit, but then went away. 
Bought these for my 16 year old son (who is picky about his shoes) and he loves them. Fit was true to size.
The size 16 fits great, which is to say just a tad small, but that's normal for Nike. The shoes are very light and breathe well. I've received several compliments on the shoes so that's a good indication of the style. My only criticism is that the shoes felt a little rigid when bending at the toe box. I think this is due to the plastic material used on the outside of the shoe. However, I haven't noticed this as much as the shoes have broken in. Overall, a great shoe!
My husband bought these in his regular size and found they were way too tight and short.  He has a thin foot, too, but they were still too tight in his normal size.  He returned them and bought a size larger and loves how they feel now.
This shoe is very comfortable and true to size. I use it as a cross training shoe for a Body Pump class I teach. 
These shoes are very flexible, very light, and quite comfortable.  For wider feet like mine (E), the shoes start off snug and tight, especially in the midfoot.  After some breaking in, they feel better.  Keep in mind that as you lace them and tighten the shoe, it tightens around 360 degrees around your foot from the top, to the sides, to the arch, to the soles, and around the other side.  They give great support and fit like a glove.
These feel closer to the ground, yet provide ample cushioning for workouts as well as every day walking.  The forefoot is very flexible as well.
The tongue is slightly longer, so for those who like to wear no-show socks, you may feel the the tongue hitting your foot.
These run small, so prepare to buy a half to full size larger.
Overall, I like these a lot.
I bought one size bigger reading reviews that its bit small on every size. To my surprise.. even one size bigger is kind of a small for me. The shoe lace is too small. I am having hard time to tie it. Overall it's a ok shoe compared to the price.
Bought these for my husband, as a daily shoe, He says they are so comfortable and light weight. And true to size, he is a fan.
