Onitsuka Tiger by Asics Ultimate 81®
I was saving money for these, and then they went on sale! Best purchase ever. I always make sure my shoes are comfy and stylish, and these rock! Also, I ordered half a size up, I'm usually a 7.5 but I got an 8. They fit perfect, and I have a wide width. Any shoe with some stretch proves to work with my width. You gotta buy these.
I love these shoes. Super light, plenty of toe room, true size. Super fast shipping!

Super comfy, vegan, affordable, and super cute! I get comments all the time about how white and rad they are. I wear them while biking to the gym, and while on the machines at the gym. I'll probably be sporting them come 4th of July as well. Fits accurate if you already know your size.
I like these athletic shoes. They are not heavy like most of the major brands, and are great for the gym and walking. Light and airy, they don\'t make those of us with size 12s look as if we have canal boats on our feet. Although I ordered an 11-1\/2 in this shoe, I have a narrow foot. Someone with a wider foot should probably stick to the full size.
Cute and pretty comfortable - 
These run a little small, about 1/2 a size. There's no arch support and they don't have the "cushiony" feel of Sauconys or New Balances. They are comfortable overall, but probably not good for long walks/hikes. 

These boots are very tight. I'm a size 5 in the Ugg classics and I'm petite and skinny. The calf of the boots is really tight and you can't tuck your jeans into them. I recommend getting the next size up.
The shoes are as I had expected. The shoe is true to size and they fit perfectly.
These shoes are narrow across the toes and have no removable insole for replacing with orthotics. I ordered the men's size 4 women's 5.5, but they would only fit a child's foot. The material is not sturdy enough to consider use for sports.
Love these shoes. Super comfortable and lightweight. I would say they run slightly large. If you're like me, and are in-between sizes, size down. I usually wear a 7.5 or 8. Went with the women's 7.5, and they fit perfect.
