Merrell Moab Ventilator
We bought these for my husband who has small but wide feet and these fit him very well.  We bought a half size up from his street/dress shoe - but that is typical for athletic type shoes.  So I would say they are true to size. They are sturdy and comfortable and he is delighted with them.
Overall I found this shoe to be comfortable and worked well on a variety of terrains.

What I don't understand in this age of advanced manufucturing is why the a size 10 varies so much from one shoe company to the next[?!]. Is there not an international shoe size standard? 
After several weeks I was hoping these shoes would stretch a bit, but they haven't...
I have had several and this on continues to work well for me.

Ask Merrell to make more styles available in wide/EE sizes.
I don't know what Merrell has done to this flag ship shoe, but it is just not right. The size is too narrow, short and the shoe makes your ankles turn inward. The overall quality feels cheap too. I overpronate and wear orthotics, but my old Moabs always helped this. Plus the foot bed is just not stable. I tried the Gore-Tex, waterproof and regular models and got the same results. After many years of wearing Merrell's I've ended up with a pair of Oboz sawtooth, that fit like the old Moab's once did. I'm very disappointed in Merrell.
Sadly Merrell has changed their Moab design. I've always worn a size 9 and still wear an old Moab size 9; however, I just received my new Moab's and my toes are jammed in the front. What is going on over at Merrell?
Bought these for my husband just before vacation out west. Wore all week with no problems. Merrell run somewhat smaller would recommend going up either half or whole size.
Very comfortable right out of the box. I need to use orthotics and these come in a wide size, which is getting increasingly hard to find.
I have been a consumer of Merrell shoes now for about 20 years. The Moab Ventilators are right up there with Merrell quality and comfort I have come to expect from this manufacturer. These hiking shoes are lightweight and breathable. Great for spring through the fall here in New England. You will get many miles out of these shoes and will enjoy each step. Go for em'. You'll love em'! Great platforms. Based on previous reviews, I choose to get a 1/2 size bigger than my other Merrells and the fit was perfect. That being said, they probably do run @ 1/2 size smaller than you may normally wear. Something to consider as I have recently found that some other styles of Merrells appear to run a bit smaller than they originally did.
Great shoe. Spent 17 days in England and Paris. Wore these shoes 15 days. So comfortable. They are sized small. Needed 1 size bigger than normal.
Bought these for my husband who has always worn hunting boots or sneakers for our hikes. He was pleasantly surprised by the difference that properly supportive hiking shoes makes. He found these comfortable from the get-go and required very little "breaking in."  The Merrell Moab Ventilator had good reviews from other sites/sources & is the only one we purchased for him. He wears an odd man's size (6 1/2 EEE), but the 7 wide worked well.
These shoes don't really run true to size.  I was disappointed to see that the 15 fits like a 14 after wearing them for one day. 
Great shoe, good look. I wear them year round.The sizing is small, especially if you have wide feet, order up one size. Going on my third pair. 
Shoe was substantially smaller than indicated. Hurt my size 13 feet. Had to remove liner as a result. Still small. Not satisfied with this shoe. Would have been nice if it fit.
I really wanted to love these shoes and I wore them for several days in misery hoping it would get better. I got a size 8 which is what I normally wear, although sometimes I have to get a 8 1/2. These shoes were very tight and my toes on my right foot were jammed up at the top of the toe box, to the point my toe was curled under. I would have had to order a size 9 (something I have never worn) to even be close to comfortable.
I love these, but after doing several long 10+ mile hikes, I think I need a half size bigger. My big toes hurt after walking that long, especially the toenails. I'm sure it is because my feet swell while walking and end up bumping the fronts. I got a 9, which is what I usually wear, and what my previous Merrells were (finally wore out after about 5 years), but I am about to order a new pair in 9.5 and see if that helps. The shoes are really comfortable and on shorter hikes they feel great. I am ordering the same model in the half size bigger because I really think these are the best. This non-waterproof version was more comfortable to me than the waterproof ones, which seemed more stiff. I also have very narrow feet, but these fit me very well, I just have to tighten down the laces.
GORGEOUS shoe! I followed a review that said it ran 1/2 size small. For me, not so. I find all Merrell's run true.
I am huge fan of the Merrell shoes and have several pairs of different styles range from sandals to loafers to mules. I was disappointed that these did not run true to size as all of my other Merrells did. The arch support was great, the width was great, the shoe felt wonderful, it was just a little short in length. My toes hit the end and at size 11, I am at the top of the size Merrell makes. Otherwise the construction and support of this shoe is fantastic.
Having a harder time breaking these in than the last pair of Ventilators in lime green.  I bought a half-size larger but the toe box still seems more cramped than the last pair. They are still feather light and very grippy on the trail.
I am really glad that I splurged on these. I do not usually spend this much on shoes but these are really good quality and will serve me well. They had no break in period. I like the look of them. I am very glad that I read reviews and sized up half a size. They fit perfectly. I have wide bad feet but these work for me.
Aloha, I love, love, love these hiking shoes. I normally wear a size 8.5 I ordered it first...returned for the size 9. Perfect fit and I was able to walk 5 miles the first day without any problems. After walking 25 miles in one week I knew these were my new BEST FRIENDS. I recently enjoyed my new BFF'S for a three day hike around Hualalai volcano on the Big Island. trails with dirt, mud and lava. My feet were never happier under such conditions. Great Merrell quality and comfort.
Love these shoes. I ordered a 1/2 size up and I don't think it was necessary. They feel very roomy. They are very comfortable and I had no break-in period or blisters. They were wonderful from the very start.
I'd heard these shoes ran small so I ordered a half-size bigger, no mean feat when you wear a 10 to start with. My big toes are still hitting the end of the shoe so these are going back and I hope to find a gigantic size 11 that will fit.
These run true to size and are very comfortable. There was no breaking in time at all. The description for the laces however is wrong. They are not at all elastic. I wish Merrell would bring back the Chameleon Stretch for women as those had elastic laces!
Love these shoes. I wear them hiking on the weekends with the dog. I had to get a half size larger for perfect fit, but truly comfortable from the start. I highly recommend them for summer day hikes and they're cute to boo. t;-)
