ASICS GEL-Blur33™
I bought these knowing they were more of a running shoe, but saw that others used them as a cross-trainer, which is what I needed. So far so good, I think. I am not a runner at all, unless on the tennis court, and I have separate tennis shoes. I have mostly used them on power walks and in the workout area (elliptical, etc.) Have not tried a Zumba class in them yet. They seem to have good support and good lateral support (important). I wasn't thrilled with the color options available but this one was the best I thought. The very best cross trainer is that Asics Gel 260-TR and I've already had those in the 2 color options they were available in and just wanted a different look. They were true to size, for workout shoes - I usually have to get a 1/2 size larger in those anyway.
Ugh...dislike. They are so different than other Asics I have owned. The toe box is much more narrow. My toes feel pinched all the time and it makes me nuts. I so wish I hadn't worn them so that I could send them back. Maybe try ordering up a size.
Love these shoes! Very comfortable right out of the box. Wore them for 4 days at Disneyland without a problem. I heeded the advice to go up a half size to a 10 and they are perfect. I have a narrow foot and these do not slip at all which is hard to find in athletic shoes that are all M width. Will buy another color I think.
I wanted a thinner soled running shoe and this one has been great. I run 5K 4-5 times a week and these have been perfect for the street, the light trail and the treadmill. They felt tighter than the other Asics I've bought in the same size so if your current size is at all tight go up a half-size. They have molded to my feet, my only disappointment is that I've had them for about a month and they are wearing down faster than other Asics but I think that's on account of their lightness. I assume most lighter running shoes don't last as long as the clunkers I've used in the past. If you're looking for a lighter shoe, I highly recommend these and they are really good-looking too!
Very light and comfortable shoe. I use orthotic insoles and always order up a half size, but I found this shoe ran small and had to go up a full size.
I normally wear a size 7, but I generally wear dress shoes and sandals, so I ordered a size 7.5 to allow for socks. I was surprised to find that the 7.5 was too small. I would need an 8, I think. otherwise, they seemed comfortable
I liked the styling and comfort level of these shoes a lot. I did end up returning them, however, because I would have needed a 1/2 size larger (I normally wear and 8.5 but should have ordered a 9 in these) and they were also a bit wide for my very narrow feet. I ended up trying on and buying a pair of shoes locally instead.
Very best gym/running shoe I've had in longer than I can remember! Very flexible and comfortable. Extremely cute, too! I wear a 9 shoe and ordered a 9.5 and they feel perfect. Definitely order a half size up!
My last pair of running shoes were Asics, and they've served me well! Naturally I searched through this brands latest options first, and came across this shoe. Glad I didn't let the negative comments on this model sway my decision. I love these shoes! They're super comfortable and great looking. Definitely order a half size larger. The laces are short, but who cares? They tie! My joints never ache after a run with these. Happy with my purchase!
Ladies...read the reviews and get at least 1/2 size larger! Super cute and comfortable and will be even more comfortable if a little larger. Yes, the laces are also smaller than normal, but they're still good looking shoes.
These are very comfortable with plenty of cushioning. The laces are too short. I use them for walking and the gym. I usually wear a size 10 in running shoes . I ordered the 10½ and they fit perfectly. These are great shoes!
Very comfortable shoe. I constantly get remarks about how much people like the color. It feels very light and fits my foot great. I usually wear a size 10 in athletic shoes and that's exactly the size I ordered. These shoes replaced a pair of Brooks Defyance 3 (size 10) and two pairs of Asics Gel Speedstar II (also size 10) before that.
These are puzzling shoes. They are true to size and my 11½ shoes weighed 12.1 ounces. These shoes had everything going for them: great looks, ventilating mesh, solid support, etc, but they did not feel comfortable when I ran. They felt like I was wearing the boxes, except hot and heavy. I guess the problems are not enough cushioning and the ventilation system does not work for me. Too bad, I really wanted to like these shoes.
I bought these shoes after reading several reviews, both in magazines and on-line. I have run in Asics for several years, so I felt comfortable buying a pair on-line, using my current size as a guide. Bad idea. These shoes did not provide the padding I had read about and they are too tight in the front. I had to buy new inserts to give the cushioning I need and re-configure the lacing. Even with these changes, I am not satisfied with these shoes and would have returned them had I not taken them for a 5 mile test. This was probably my last time buying shoes on-line and I am now reconsidering future Asics purchases.
I bought these shoes for running and they have been very comfortable and light. It took about a couple of days to wear them in. They are a bit tight around the arch the first few days but they are as comfortable as ever after that. I bought them a shoe size bigger than my actual shoe size because I knew that when I ran my feet swell up a little bit. They fit great and they look awesome. I would totally recommend this product to a friend, just as long as they don't buy the same color combination as me. 
