Brooks Adrenaline™ ASR™ GORE-TEX®
Excellent fit, runs slightly small (order 1/2 size up). I do extensive walking, some jogging, on hilly streets and trails. Great for gym and beach too (waterproof and really lightweight). I wear orthotics for arch support and anti-pronation. These were recommended by my podiatrist, and have become my favorite (was a long-time New Balance fan). Highly recommend.
I am a loyal Brooks shoe fan, but these were disappointing.  First, I usually order a 7.5, but these felt a half size too small.  Second, I usually order a wide width, but this style doesn't have that option.  They were definitely too tight in the toe box.  I tried wearing them around the house for an hour, but they really hurt my feet.  I'm going to exchange them and try Merrell's.  
My daughter and I hike our little mountain 1.5-2 hours every morning. I've just come out of my winter Keen waterproof hikers, and wanted something lighter, though still waterproof (we hike in all weather). I also wanted something light and with good traction, and on the occasion when we weren't hiking the rocky/rooty trails, be able to do the road with comfort. Soles are very grippy, don't know how long they will last, if they are soft material or not - I go through soles pretty quickly. These shoes did take me about a week to break in, but I'm glad I toughed it out, they fit perfectly now. I take a size 8 in regular shoes, 8.5 in Keen's and I took an 8 in these - glad I didn't go any larger, as they would have been too roomy after a week of use. I'm used to the Keen boxy toe, but that has given me callouses on my big toes, and corns on my little toes from the rubbing from flopping back and forth. Everything is going back to normal wearing these.
I have to say, I love these Brooks! I am a Nike girl when it comes to athletic shoes, especially running/trail running. It wasn't easy for me to try a new brand of athletic shoe...I am so glad I did! Still love Nike, but I have to say, these Brooks Adrenaline, are the bomb! They are so light and comfortable. Very sturdy and supportive. Seriously, I forget I have them on! It is like they were custom made for my foot! I found them to be true to size. I normally wear a size 9, so I went ahead and ordered a 9 and they fit great. The only Con: I wish there had been more color choices, although I do like the color. Highly recommend this trail runner!
