Merrell Lorelei Zip
Comfortable light fit - true to size - not a huge fan of not being able to tighten - zipper only allows so much - shoe is getting loose feeling but nice and airy.
I saw these shoes on a fellow traveler while in Europe. They seemed to be the ticket.
Ordered my size 9 and am very happy with the shoe.
I have a long thin foot with a good arch. 
They didn't work for my friend who has a wider thicker foot.
Love them!
I can't say enough good things about this Merrell shoe. It's "cool" looking but most importantly it's so comfortable. I always have trouble finding shoes that my problematic feet are happy in. These are so great that I just ordered two more pairs in different colors after living in my first pair for the past year. Yea ! I normally wear a wide shoe and ordered these in a half size larger than I normally wear since they don't come in wide. Perfect. 
I now love these Merrells for their look and comfort but I did have to adjust them a bit. With just the original Merrell liner, they felt a little to thin soled to the ground and also in a size 10, my regular size, my toes were hitting up against the shoe as the side cuts back quite a bit from the front toe. If I wanted to wear thick socks with them, I would definitely go half a size bigger. Merrell will not want to hear this but I stuck a Crocs liner in the Lorelei and then these were perfect: it lifted my foot to were there was more toe room and it gave the needed support and padding. Now these are my most favorite walking shoes. I even trekked in them for two days in the Himalayas!
I love these shoes, this is my 2nd pair. I went down a 1/2 size, too, which makes my feet look smaller. Yeah!
Cpmfortable, good-looking and versatile.
I bought this shoe about a month ago and have been pleased with it. I had bought a size 9, and it is a little baggy around my foot. The length is right though. The back that wraps around my heel was also tall and was rubbing. I put an insole in it and now if fits great. I love that I can slip them off and on.
These shoes are very comfortable for walking, and if they are like all my other Merrells, very durable and long lasting. If you plan on wearing them barefoot, consider going a half size down. I bought my regular size, and they are a bit loose when I wear them without socks (and they look best without socks, IMO). 
Very comfortable.  Feels big though.  I wear a 9, ordered a 9 and it feels like i should have ordered 1/2 size down.
These shoes are very comfortable. However, I wear a size 5 med. and these are just a little too big. I did keep them, but would suggest others to order 1/2 size smaller than usual.
