Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Leather Ox
I buy these type of shoes a lot for my son but always need to buy a larger size. When buying in stores they don't come in half size so the shoes are always to large so thanks for your company that carry these shoes in half size and I will continue to purchase your products. Thank you.
The Converse fits the back to the middle of the foot very well, but I had to decide whether to get the Mens 8, Womens 10 on little information. Without trying on the shoe, it is hard to determine its true fit. After wearing the shoe the size was right for me and is comfortable. I prefer the leather because it is easier to clean than the canvas variety. I can return it, so I feel better about the purchase. I still have the shoes!
This is a great website with amazing prices but I have been waiting so many months for my size to come in but it won't, or it just keeps selling out before I get to it.
I've been wearing the cloth version of these shoes for years now, normally just waiting for some odd color to show up on sale somewhere, but I finally got sick of the cloth wearing out so quickly and decided to pony up for the leather version. I've been wearing them for about a week now, so I can't comment about longevity, but what I can say is that they feel like better versions of the cloth ones. The leather isn't stiff or heavy feeling, nor does it feel like that cheapo thin leather. It just feels like quality flexible material. As for comfort, support, and sizing the uppers are more comfortable than the cloth and everything else is pretty much exactly the same as normal canvas ones. No arch support, and flat bottoms. I just bought the same size I used to buy in canvas and it fit the same. Despite the fact that I usually hold out for cheap versions I just bought a second pair of these to throw in my closet so that I'll be guaranteed of having a replacement when the current ones eventually wear out. So yeah, I'd recommend them.
These are my first pair of Converse and I love them. The fit is perfect for my narrow feet and high arches. I was baffled to feel the bottom of the shoe on my arch without adding any inserts. The sizing is a little big - I went down half a size to the smallest size I ever buy (usually for flip-flops or any non-sock shoe). I highly recommend these, especially for nursing/healthcare folk like myself who are required to wear all-white shoes. White shoes are the ugliest things in the world - except for these! The white leather is so much better looking than the white canvas. The only non-white on them would be the silver metal grommets for the laces and very light gray writing on the heel. They have a nice solid feel and great tread. And they make scrubs look semi-cool!
These are some of the cutest sneakers around that won't leave your feet soggy in the rain. However, they are deceivingly heavy, awkwardly long, and there is zero arch support. I probably should have gone down a half size. I had to bin these due to a foot injury, but I would suspect that they are pretty durable.
Well made shoe with all the right features.  My only problem is I bought the wrong size.  My regular size is 11.5 and I bought a size 11. Too big.
Have loved these since I was a kid - thought I would kick it up a notch now that I am 47 and get the leather shoe - not disappointed at all! I ordered a half size smaller according to the reviews I read and they ended up fitting beautifully! Now if I could only get the black pair.
These are the sexiest damn shoes I've had in a while. The leather is very smooth yet durable. Very easy to clean and there is enough room to fit an orthotic. Love these shoes. Order at least a size smaller than you normally would!
