Nike Revolution
Very comfortable, lightweight, and enjoyable to exercise in for an extended period. However, they are not designed for inclement weather, but they are excellent on a sunny day. Cut a little small, so you may want to go up half a size.
To start with, the colors are really nice, I love the blue tongue and matching blue laces. They are super lightweight. Great tread. Solid heel, soft upper and very breathable mesh. I needed an affordable sneaker, which these are, and you will get the money's worth of shoe -- I had gotten used to the technology featured in some of my high price Reeboks (just because I purchased on sale doesn't negate their original higher price tag). The foam and rubber feel a little cheaper, and not as much arch support. However, these are great for their price, perfect stitching, comfortable mesh, stylish and really good traction. I purchased these in width D and size 10, and there is about 1/2 inch of room at the toe. This is okay because I plan on purchasing inserts to make up the difference in the moderate arch support. First I thought something went wrong because the shoelace on the left shoe is longer than the right! Then I was told this is to make room for those little key pouches you can attach to the laces. I cannot speak to how well they will take my pavement pounding (I deflated my Reebok TrainTones, much to my chagrin) but I look forward to giving them a go.
Wonderful shoe, size was perfect (snug enough as well as very comfortable). Seems to be very durable as well.
I bought these shoes in the metallic cool grey color and have gotten so many compliments on them! My roommate liked them so much she got a pair, too. They are very comfortable, in addition to being stylish. I bought them to wear around the hospital where I work, and I can run around in them all day without a problem. I usually wear a size 9 in running shoes and the size 9 in these fit perfectly.
I got the black and lavender pair in a ten. I love them. They are perfect for me, a college student. I will say though, I'm a pretty solid size 10 and they do fit but they're a little snug, so if you're sensitive to that be wary!
I bought these shoes not to run in (outside) but to train at the gym (run on treadmill). They are good shoes. I buy Nike running shoes only. I ordered a full size and a half up because when I used to run (marathon training) my feet would swell. I typically do that with all athletic footwear because of feet swelling. About the shoes...the grey is a nice color and the neon yellow laces make the shoes look happier. I'm into happy bright colors right now so these shoes fit the bill. I highly recommend these shoes for training and running.
Love these shoes! This is my second pair. Great fit, true to size and good for walking/running. I have them in grey/pink/turquoise too!
For someone who has what is considered a "large" foot, this is one shoe I love. It's usually difficult for me to find a shoe that is stylish, comfortable, and affordable. I purchased these right before a two week trip throughout Europe. We walked over 10 miles per day. These are the most comfortable running shoe I have ever worn. Even with a foot that has had 3 surgeries on it, I could keep these on all day. I recently took up running with my son and I don't think I could do it with a different kind of shoe. I love the turquoise and pink with the grey. I'm not embarrassed wearing these shoes out, as I normally buy mens gym shoes because very few stores carry larger womens sizes, and we all know how those can look. I love the feminine look and the comfort when I'm out hiking, running, or just walking all over the place.
Finally found a sneaker in today's stylish bright colors that isn't too loud.  It's lightweight and super comfy.  Ordered a half size up and it fits perfectly.  Terrific price.  Very Pleased!
These shoes are great for the price. I ordered a half size up because I have a wide foot and Nikes tend to run narrow. They are really comfortable and didn't require any breaking in time. I would really recommend these for walking.
Wow - a really comfortable shoe for my feet. I am an under-pronator/supinator with high arches and this shoe provides plenty of neutral cushioning and comfort. True to size, just right in the width. This is what I was looking for, and at a great price too!
These are super cute shoes! I walk six miles three days a week and these work great. There is plenty of room in the toes and good cushion/support in the heel. They run true to size.
I love these gym shoes! So comfortable, true to size, affordable, and super cute. Only negative is I'm limited to what outfits they actually match, but I don't care...they're totally worth it and I'll just buy more black pants.
I just really didn't want neon orange, it just looks like bright orange in the image. Not the best arch support but fit true to size/width.
