Keds Champion
These are too small. Order a size up for sure. They are cute, but they hurt. I wish I had simply returned them first thing.
I ordered these to wear without socks, and I went a half-size down from my regular size. My regular size looked like a clown shoe and had several inches of room beyond my toes. I don't have a narrow foot, but even the half-size down has a bit of room in the toe area (enough for thin socks). They would slip off if I were to wear them without laces. I probably could go a full size down, but I hesitate to do so because feet tend to spread out when walking. This is a slim, attractive, and classic shoe without bells or whistles; its simplicity is appealing. I haven't walked in them extensively, so I can't comment on long-term comfort or quality.
Not for wide feet. Love the classic Keds Champion style, and especially the new colors. Unfortunately, the Champion is very narrow and long. I usually wear a 6.5 or 7 wide, or a 7/7.5 regular, but the size 6.5 Champion is as long as a size 7.5 and much narrower. Hoping Keds will bring back the wider 'Tangy' style again.
Shoes were too big. Exchanging them for a half size lower. They came with white and yellow laces. Using the white laces.
Keds are lovely summer shoes. I had one pair a few years ago that I remember being more true to size, though this particular pair feels very long and narrow. I usually wear a 7, but these are 6.5, and they still pop off my heel at certain angles. I wouldn't have gotten a 6 because they would have been far too narrow for my feet.  I wore them without socks walking around New York literally all day yesterday and they were perfectly comfortable. The popping off the back of my heel sometimes when I walk up stairs doesn't bother me anymore, because they never feel like they are actually going to fall off.

These gray Keds Champions look very cool and I've already had several people stop me in the street to ask where I got them ("ZAPPOS!!!!!"). In terms of size, I recommend buying a half size smaller than your usual size--they run a bit large. In terms of support, they feel exactly the way basic Keds have always felt--not much arch support, but enough room to add the kind of insole you like.

