New Balance WR993
This is the best shoe ever - good with insert - helped my plantar fasciitis. Offers wide sizes for thick socks.
I have ordered the blue and white 993 a few times in the past.  I needed a new pair and they did not have my size in stock so I purchased the gray and white shoe since they had it.  I was so pleased with it because it is made of a different material on the toes and around the edge and it is so easy to clean.  It is sort of a suede material that cleans up great with soap and water.  Also the gray is a really nice shade and is different than the usual shoe.
I bought these particular shoes for aesthetics - my boyfriend is in the Army and black is my favorite color! Sad to make my choice based on those factors I know. However, they have a good amount of cushion, which I like, and NB fits my feet well, which is why I stick with the brand. They are a bit on the heavy side, but overall it's a good running shoe. I think the suede makes them better for cool weather than 90 degree days. If it matters to you, the tongue comes up very high. They run a bit on the large side, but not so much that I felt I needed to go up a size. Just that they are very roomy in the toe box, which is a good thing.
I love New Balance sneakers! These are very comfortable and they support a good cause! I purchased 2 different sizes just to be sure of the fit. I purchased my normal size 8!
Runs very long. This is a size 7 shoe-last, not a 6.5. I own at least 4 other pairs of New Balance 6.5 D width and they fit exactly correct. This pair is longer than my other shoes even from the outside. The rest was perfect.
I am very pleased with the shoe. I did purchase 1/2 size larger than what I normally get and it was perfect for me.
Very good service and get it when promised.
I would buy from this site again.
I purchased this shoe in the same size that I have all of my other New Balance shoes in and ended up having to exchange them for a size smaller. I still own these shoes after a year and can say that I barely wear them because of how uncomfortable they are. The shoe is well crafted and made from quality materials; however, they were not comfortable for my feet. My suggestion is going to a store and getting fitted for these shoes as the sizing seems much different than other New Balance shoes. Unfortunately now I have a shoe that I paid a lot for that I don't even wear.
Comfortable shoe - although a little flat (minimal arch support) and needs more cushiony insoles. Runs a bit wide and makes my foot look a lot bigger than it is! Half a size smaller would be uncomfortable. Other than that, very nice sneaker.
