Merrell Barefoot Lithe Glove
This is an interesting version of a barefoot shoe - wanted to purchase a pair that would get me thru the winter in a little more comfort than the usual barefoot shoe that is basically made of mesh. It's very easy to tell when the size isn't right - ordered my usual 7.5 and because there is a support system that cups the middle of the foot, in any size that isn't true for you, this will feel waaay off. Ordered a pair of Merrell's Barefoot Pace Glove at the same time, 7.5 is perfect, and I just love them (wore a pair of New Balance's original barefoot shoes for the last year, starting to get hot spots now so I was back in the market.) Probably sending these back and keeping the Pace Gloves.
I wasn't sure what to expect, because I never usually wear bright-colored shoes. Out of the box, these were beautiful! I ordered a size 10 M, which is what I wear in every Merrell shoe I've ever owned - and almost all my shoes for the past 5 years have been Merrells...but I couldn't get my feet into these. They must run very small. I was so disappointed, because they were beautiful! My friend saw them (she wears a size 9.5 narrow), tried them, and they fit her perfectly, so she bought them from me.
Just bought these shoes. I usually wear Asics Gel Nimbus to run in because I am a bigger runner (5'11"/185 lbs), but I have wanted to try the "barefoot" running. I love my old Merrells, so I opted for these. I'm pleased. I ran in them last night (maybe 2 road miles) and they were pretty comfy even without socks. I did get a blister on my big toe, but no big deal. I tried these on at the store and tried my normal size 10 and a 9.5. I bought the 9.5 because the 10 felt way too large in the toe area and I didn't want to have a lot of movement. I do recommend these shoes. Even for big girls like myself. I think they are pretty fabulous and quite stylish!
I bought these shoes for my daughter. They are even more beautiful in person than on the page,and remind me of sunsets and orange sherbet with streaks of raspberry and lime. My daughter is very happy. However, finding the right size took a few tries. She usually wears a 9/9.5, but the 9 was huge. The 8.5 was better, but still too large. It wasn't until size 8 that we started channeling Cinderella. Perfect! I would be coveting these shoes myself if not for the fact that I prefer more padding. But if you're looking for barefoot, this could be your dream shoe.
I bought these because I own the pure gloves and wear the heck out of them. Love these as well. Maybe a teeny bit more narrow, but super comfy, true to size and very cool looking to boot! Helps to take out the cardboard hiding out in the toe! (Had a momentary panic when I tried them with it.) All in all, a great barefoot shoe! I am 58, wide-ish feet, and these make me happy!
I love these shoes, however, I will try the half size smaller. I am a bit worried that the heel may be a little short. I will wait for the half size smaller.
Ordered my Barefoot Lithe Glove shoes yesterday and received them today! I did order 1/2 size larger than my normal size and it fits correctly, as I do not want my toes to come anywhere near the end of the shoe. I have a very narrow foot and I am able to get a really great narrow fit with this shoe. "Thanks" to the people who commented about removing the cardboard piece that is located in the shoes upon arrival...I probably would have been one of those people to just put the shoes on and wear them out the door...cardboard and all. I am a little worried about the comments regarding the shoes not working well on wet surfaces, as I am a kayaker and this will be a problem...time will tell.
