ECCO Golf Biom Men's
This golf shoe is everything Ecco claims it to be; amazingly comfortable from the moment you put it on to providing the right kind of stability with uphill, downhill, sidehill and in the sand lies. It's not like a sneaker but more like the shoes that make you feel barefoot. I think Ecco is one of the most wearable golf shoes made - and I own several styles, but the Biom is an order of magnitude more comfortable. I prefer replaceable spikes on the course as opposed to their "street-style" shoes, although I have several pair of Street Premiers as well. Only negative comment is that it kind of looks like one of those walking sneaker shoes for senior citizens. As with all Eccos, order a full size smaller than you are.
The best golf shoe that I have ever purchased.  I can easily walk 18 and not feel any discomfort.  No break-in period, you can wear them straight from the box.  Even though I wear a size 9 in most shoes, I have to order a size 42 instead of a 43 for a good fit.
Great golf shoe.  I usually wear a 10.5, but with Ecco shoes I seem to have to go down to the Euro 9.5 size.
After 4 knee surgeries I needed something comfortable on my feet. These will be it when they replace for a smaller size. To me they run larger than normal US sizes. Super on the arches. Looking forward to receiving my new ones soon.
Wow, I have never owned a golf shoe like this. I am very conservative and usually the high end FootJoys but they are not the most comfortable shoe in the world. While these were a little "loud" for me I went with the brown pair. Let me tell you something, there is simply not another shoe on the market that feels like this. I wear Ecco dress shoes and enjoy them but I am here to tell you these shoes are so darn comfortable I wish my dress shoes felt this good. Super soft supple leather and so much support. While they don't look that conservative they are super comfortable and sized just slightly small. In most good end shoes I usually wear a 10.5. Of course the crazy European sizes the "45" an 11 to 11.5 feels to my feet like a 10.5 exactly. Good news for me but bad news if you tend to wear a 11.5 shoe. I usually get 1/2 size larger in a golf shoe so works out fine for me. Great shoe, No, best shoe I have ever worn to play golf in!
