Nike Free TR Fit 2
Pretty true to size.  Not quite as cushioned as I'd like in the heel, so bought a pair of gel athletic inserts and they are perfect.  Love the look and make.  Bought these for a trip to London as I knew I'd be doing a lot of walking and they worked out great.  Would definitely recommend.
Comfortable, soft and lightweight. Good shoes for Zumba or any dance class. Tried it on the treadmill, very comfortable. A little narrow width size so if you have wide feet it might be a little snug, although it has room to expand just don't know how much. Been using it almost everyday for 2 months. Gave it 4 stars overall because the wear and tear of this shoes looks like it's not going to last long compared to other styles.
I've purchased these sneakers before going to London. These sneakers are amazing. I felt as if I was not wearing any shoes. I was able to walk all over London without any problems and no complaints...unlike other shoes I've purchased in the past. I've recently started exercising again and I've been trying on sneakers to see which one was the perfect running/walking shoes. These were it! They felt so light and perfectly comfortable. Even with a bruised toe and with a bandage blister on the back of my foot, wearing these sneakers I forgot I had these issue. No exaggerations. These are now officially my permanent exercise sneakers. I like them so much I've decided to purchase another. Now, this is not common of me to purchase the same pair of sneaker. That's how much I love them. Anyone who under-rated these sneaker either purchased the wrong size or just doesn't know a perfect sneaker when they see it, or should I say wear them. These are a must have and trust me you won't regret purchasing them. You might even love them as much as I do, and purchase another. For those people who have purchased them, enjoy them. I sure am.
These Are amazing! A little uncomfortable at first, and I would not recommend them for every day walking around, but they are absolutely perfect for lateral motion, cross training, etc. I use them to do Insanity and P90X, and I love them. They are great on any surface too, from turf to track to hardwood. Love these shoes, a total steal on sale! Get a half size down unless you have very wide feet. I have average width feet and I felt the half size down was perfect. If you have high arches, you will need inserts, the arch support is moderate to none.
Incredibly comfortable! I ordered my true size 9 and they fit perfectly. My feet tend a little on the wide side, and these worked well. If you've never tried Nike Free, it is really worth buying a pair to feel the big difference from an older and more traditional style sneaker.
I am definitely a Nike Girl -- I do not even bother ordering other brands anymore and this incredibly comfy shoe is one of the many reasons why! This shoe feels like air on your feet -- it is super flexible with a cushiony soul that feels wonderful -- either for walking or x training; which is what I will use it for. As far as size goes, I would recommend sticking with your usual shoe size and not sizing up or down. The only pair of Nike athletic shoes that I have had to order 1/2 size up in are the Nike Free Running shoes -- everything else has always been consistent. You are going to absolutely love these stylish incredibly comfy shoes. Can't wait to work out in these!
