New Balance MW956
No where near 4E width. Ever since New Balance started making all their stuff overseas their wide sizes got narrow. I guess I'll stop wasting my time trying to find shoes in this brand that will fit.
These shoes seem to be as advertised, except for size.  The 12D size I ordered is about  an 11-1/2 C compared to other shoes I own.  My feet are a little narrow, so the width is okay, but they are clearly at least a half size shorter than my other size 12 athletic shoes.  In fact, my adjustable shoe trees that fit fine in a pair of 11-1/2 Sauconys are too long for the MW956.  I had to shorten the trees by half an inch to make them fit in these shoes.  Otherwise,  I like the styling, construction materials and quality.
I have always worn tennis shoes for walking. I buy New Balance because I have a wide foot. I bought MW956 to see if a combination tennis shoe/hiking shoe would work. They have the support of a hiking shoe with the comfort of a quality tennis shoe. I'm very happy. The size ran true to the tennis shoes I have been buying for years.
The previous MW955 have been my all time favorite casual walking/everyday shoe. very durable, fantastic fit, great foot support, highly stable platform. Sadly, the replacement MW956 in my size (12D) was way way too narrow, it felt like a 12B on my foot. I'll be trying the 12EE when they are available.
These were recommended by podiatrist because they are relatively stiff, which helps those of us with hallux rigidis (stiff big toe). They work very well for this among the competitors like Merrill. They run small, so get a larger size, particularly if you will use inserts. They are the best in the category...buy them for your feet, not for fashion.
Shoes arrived next day in perfect condition. Shoes fit perfect to size ordered. Excellent support shoe for people with spinal disk or knee disorders. I walk on concrete sidewalks and this shoe was very confortable and my back pain is quite improved.
Looks great but 7.5 was too short - could feel toes against front (New Balance's 7.5 sizes have good length for me). Will try 8.0 next.
I wear very high arches and also have wide feet. These shoes appear to be one or two sizes more narrow than advertised. I normally wear a 4E with no problem but these had to be stretched for about a week to match my orthodics. After stretching they are comfortable.
Nicely constructed, however they do not appear to be true to size. I normally wear a 13E. Bought and returned those. Went to 14E, still tight. Disappointed.

