New Balance WW577 Hook and Loop
Perhaps because they are a different style number, or perhaps because they are made in the USA and not in Indonesia, but this style is not true to size. I have wide feet and high arches and wear orthotics, so when I find shoes that fit, I buy several pair. I've had 3 other NB athletic shoes and an 8.5 measures 11.5-11.75 inches long by 4 1/4 - 4 6/8 inches at their widest. The 8.5 WW577 style I just bought - that is now going back - measures just 11.25 inches in length by 4 inches at the widest part. If I'd not bought 3 other pairs of NB shoes that I was happy with, I wouldn't bother to try another pair of NB shoes after trying these on. These will go back and I guess I'll go back to the older styles (#WX608V2W & WW576WT). While I can't wear these, my impression from trying them on is that they have less substance than those previous NB styles too.
Great walking shoe.  It comes in narrow sizes which is exactly what I need.  It stands up to heavy use and looks nice.  I wear them with everything.
I have a lot of problems with my feet, high arch that is falling, my orthotics fit in these real well. Also I have wide feet size 8. These shoes are true to size for me. The width I got in wide are perfect. I like the velcro, as my feet swell a little by the afternoon at work. The velcro is easy to loosen them up. Seem to be made well too. I've been wearing this type NB for the last 6 weeks still feel good on my feet. I also liked the 574 in leather, but can't find it.
I purchased these sneakers for my Mom. She is 83 and was having difficulty with tying laces. They are true to size, easy on and off, not to mention light weight. Mom loves them!
Seemed very cushy and well made. I wear size 9 and this will be the first time I'm going to have to return them for 9 1/2.
These shoes fit true to size. They are very comfortable and especially easy to put on. They are probably the best tennis shoe I have worn. I am planning to order a black pair to wear all winter. New balance makes good shoes.

