Sanuk Board Room
Stylish and very comfortable shoe. I own both brown and black and have a couple pair of backups in each color! Have worn with jeans, khakis and even slacks. Note: there are 2 different color browns...one is a lot darker than the other. Like both shades. Run small...go a size up.
I've been a Sanuk fan for years and the Board Room is another great product. Just like any other shoes or apparel - best to try on several pairs of the same size and one up - it's just a reality - no different than jeans. I'll assume these are going to stretch a bit and it would have been nice if Sanuk commented on this just like Ugg does on its shoes...so I settle on a snug fit knowing they are going to break in and stretch a bit.

I own two pair of Sanuk Pickpockets and love them. I bought the Board Rooms (which are essentially leather versions of Pickpockets) to wear with business casual, khakis. Since I wear socks with them I had to go up a size. I love these shoes! The only criticism I could remotely have is that they should have ventilation holes like the Pickpockets. Otherwise, they're perfect! I currently have the brown and plan to buy the black as well. I wear Sanuk's 95% of the time.
Great shoes for travel and work. Look good with jeans or khakis. I wear a 10 1/2 D so I sized up to a size 11.
They are not very versatile. Good for something like Casual Friday's with jeans. You could wear them with a suit and tie, but the casual look with a suit and tie could send the wrong message. If you need the look of a suit and tie, why ruin it with these Sanuk's. Wear a sharp looking classy pair of shoes instead if the suit and tie look is important. On the other side of the coin, they look OK with a more dressy looking pair of shorts instead of maybe Top Sider style boat shoes or something similar, but for any other shorts, most of the other Sanuk styles would probably be a better look. Don't expect them to stretch much. Choose a full size larger than you normally wear in other shoes. Don't wear socks with most Sanuk's, including these with a suit. Socks are really only acceptable with the high top Sanuk styles such as the Outlaw Lumberjacks and maybe some of the fur lined Chill styles in cold weather. Socks with most Sanuk's is like wearing your underwear on the outside of your pants.
I now have 9 pair of Sanuks. I usually buy, and prefer, the Vagabonds as I have a wide foot. I order them in 12 for bare feet and I have a pair in 13 to wear with socks. I wear the Board Room (brown) with socks so I ordered them in size 13. It took about six wearings to get them comfortable but they fit and look really nice. They have a higher quality outsole, kind of a gum rubber, and the leather is very soft and comfy. They look great with jeans and khakis. I wear Sanuks every day at the University where I teach. I'll probably get another pair of these so I can switch back and forth.

Nice minimal shoes which are incredibly light and flexible. They are very comfortable with no arch. I can wear them for work which is a business and business casual environment. I do not love the leather because it is really shiny. I also own two other pairs of Sanuks that are more casual which I wear to work. I ordered one size larger than I normally wear and these fit fine with socks.
