Sanuk Donna
Love them! Super comfortable and lightweight. A friend told me they can get stinky after several uses. I've used odor-eating foot powder before each use and haven't had a problem. I'm already shopping for my next pair. I normally wear an 8.5 so I ordered a size 8 and they're perfect.
I love my Donnas! I have them in both black and cream, and I love the veins of color running through the chevron textile. My two beefs about these shoes: 1. Whole sizes only. 2. No cushioning. I tried another Sanuk model first, pretty much the same shoe except made with hemp, in a size 8, and could not keep them on my feet. So I bought the Donnas in a size 7. The 7s stay on my feet, but there is no room between my big toe and the end of the shoe. Luckily, the fabric is pliable so there's no discomfort unless I'm doing something more active, like volleyball or catch - then they rub and cause a small blister. A 7.5 would be perfect. Second, the Donnas are easy to wear and feel good on for lounging and moseying, but walking at a quicker pace, especially on concrete or another hard surface, is not what these are made for. There is zero cushioning. Zero. When I wear these to work and find myself hurrying along the tile floors to a meeting, I could almost swear I was wearing nothing at all on the soles of my feet - I can feel my heel hit the tile/concrete with each step. Basically, these are flip-flops with different tops; very very thin soles.
Love 'em!  True to size and excellent for people wanting a less structured shoe. 

People who barefoot appreciate the lack of arch support so as to build the muscles in the foot naturally .
These shoes are very cute. I had to return them because they were too big. Even the smaller size flops in the back due to the nature of the shoe.
These shoes are super comfortable. They fit pretty true to size. Wore them around the house and they just feel like slippers! I purchased them during a Chicago winter, so I won't be able to wear them outside for a while, but these will be my go to shoes in the spring and summer.
