ASICS GEL-TRX®
I have a 6.5 2E size. This shoe runs very narrow. Could not get my foot into it.
These are awesome. I had the black ones, and I have avoided white sneakers for as long as I can remember. But they were so awesome, since the black was no longer available I got the white. The black ones walked all over Madrid and are with me as well, but I am primarily using the white ones walking around Barcelona. They can handle anything. Your legs will be tired before your feet. Get the wide size. Don't know why, but normal feet need the wide in this model, just do it.
I love these shoes! They are great on the tennis court and not too wide which is what I typically find with larger sizes. I ordered a 12½ which is a size that is very hard, if not impossible to find. I would agree with other reviewers that if you are in between sizes, order up. There are no other brands that make tennis court shoes in a size 12½ for women.
As far as size they are perfect. I am a 6.5 and I bought a 6.5. I have a high arch. and wide foot. not super wide but its not narrow. I wanted an all black shoe and that is what I got. I think I would have originally preferred a mesh running shoe but these are fine. they are super comfortable and if I wanted to wear them to work I could (I work in a hospital). They are a little dorky.
I bought these for strictly indoor on carpet aerobic/strength training workouts.  My feet are truly 2E, and I am pleased with the fit of these shoes.  I did buy 1/2 size larger as noted elsewhere.
Excellent support for my Jazzercise classes. Great arch support and traction for movement. 
Very true to size and extremely comfortable. Great buy!

Love these shoes. Perfect fit and so comfortable. Asics are the best. I always purchase a half size up when I buy them and they are perfect.
Wonderful shoes for cross training and aerobics.  Great arch support and they run true to size.
I have been very pleased with these shoes. So much so that I have bought 4 pairs in the event they are discontinued. I have been wearing Asics shoes for the past 5 or 6 years and have found them to be very comfortable. I like to walk and find these very supportive. Especially with the high arch I have. I have tried others,but return them and go back to the Asics. I prefer leather shoes and they are harder and harder to find, so that is why I stocked up on them. All in all I can find nothing but good things to say. The one thing I did find is that I have to go up one shoe size, but other than that these shoes are great!
The shoes are nice looking. They definitely run narrow. I wear an average width shoe and ordered a D size after reading the reviews. I\'m glad that I did. The shoes are a little on the stiff side and are okay, but not great for comfort.

