Merrell Kids Barefoot Trail Glove (Toddler/Youth)
My daughter loves these. They offer plenty of support but allow her to feel the ground and move her feet naturally. Before these she only wanted to wear Pedipeds. We ordered down a size after reading the reviews and had to go up to her true size.
I measured my son's foot by the Merrell chart and the shoes were pretty big, at least a full size too big for him at the time of purchase. We just put them away for a few months though, since he was just six and we knew he'd grow into them pretty quickly. Once they fit, they were fabulous shoes. He loves them. He wears them with or without socks depending on the weather. They're super cute and he gets lots of compliments on them.
My daughter loves these shoes, I love that she doesn't drag her feet in them. I think they give her more control/agility to run faster, climb better, etc. Will be buying another pair when she grows out of them. Had to return first pair to order smaller size, they run big. 

I'm normally a woman's size 5.5-6 and ordered a 3.5 in these since they seemed to run big (woman's Merrell 6 is huge). The pink is actually very cute and bright and they are very comfortable for everyday walking as opposed to wearing bulky running shoes. My only complaint is that the M shape that runs along the elastic laces is like a faded black compared to the rest of the shoe. Other than that, they're quite nice.
This is the third pair of Merrell barefoot pure gloves I have bought for my son...in the same size. He loves these shoes for their comfort. I am a barefoot-shoe runner, so I wanted him to have the same. However, the front toe peels away from the rubber after about two months of wear. I keep buying more because he loves them and I want him in barefoot shoes, but I wish Merrell would realize that kids are way harder on their shoes than adults and modify the design by extending the rubber toe up over the front of the shoes. My son is 7 -- so it's not like he's crawling around over rocks all day, but he still climbs trees, hikes, crawls on the ground, etc. and these shoes just don't last. My daughter wears them, too, and her shoes also separate on the toe, just not as badly since she isn't as hard on her shoes. So, I suggest buying these only if you can handle the cranky-factor of spending money on shoes that are going to get destroyed before they are outgrown.
I got this for my son who has special needs and sensory issues and it took awhile for him to get used to.  He's had the shoes for about 3 months now and he wouldn't wear it in the beginning - now he does.  It's holding up well and  the best part about these shoes is the tongue - it's stitched to both sides of the shoes about 3/4 of the way up so it stays put nice and flat at the center of the shoes.  It does run a half size larger.
I have an Aspergers son who does not like change. He has huge sensory issues. Every time his shoes disintegrate or his feet outgrow them it is a trauma finding new ones. These Merrells replaced Tevas. I bought these based on the review from another special needs mom who said her son put them on and did not have a single issue. It was the same with us. No complaints. No blisters. He never took them off on his first school day. We do use them with socks. Never without. I had to return and reorder because I think they run on the bigger side of a size.
My son loves these shoes because they are comfortable; I like them but wish they held up better. I end up buying two pairs in the same size because they fall apart before he grows out of them. The front rubber over the toe detaches from the fabric after about a month of wear. Kids are hard on shoes; shoe companies should figure out a way to make them hold up better. Also, the colors could be more interesting for boys.
We love the barefoot for our kids. My husband has all barefoot shoes, but when he asked me to spend $60 on our son's shoes, I was hesitant. But, they fit so well and are so much less clunky than regular tennis shoes. My son loves them. His size was 1 or 2 sizes smaller than with typical tennis shoes (he wears a 1 or 2 with regular shoes, but a 13 in barefoot). Just an FYI.. 
My kids beg to wear these shoes. They are easy to get on and go. They love that they do not have to wear socks (no blisters!) and I love the anti-microbial element that prevents stinky feet. My kids have average to wide feet and have plenty of toe wiggling room. These shoes look cool on and their minimalist profile goes well with narrow leg pants and shorts. My daughter has a pair of girl's shoes in this style and they are cute with her skirts, too. Fantastic shoes, Merrell never disappoints. They do run about half a size large.
We just ordered this shoe for our son and was disappointed to find that it runs quite large.  While the toebox is nice and spacious, there is no doubt it runs at least a 1/2, but maybe a full size large.  We will reorder a size smaller for him.
My 8 year old is picky when it comes to his shoes. He has been living in his Crocs for so long that I was afraid that we may never find something else comfortable enough for him, but he loved these Merrell very much. These were a good size larger but he was happily wearing them with a pair of socks and they hugged his feet and stayed on. I bought one size smaller for him but worried that smaller might mean tighter fit. He loved them as well without any complaints. He has been wearing them for a while now, his dad also got a pair (the adult version) and loved them, too.
