Mizuno Wave® Prophecy
These are good shoes. I bought these for my son for some kind of running he does. He has been very happy and has kept getting larger sizes as his feet grow. He no longer complains of foot pain.
Holy Hell! I LOVE these shoes! I am 4 months pregnant, and already plus-sized. I wear these shoes ALL day long, they support my arches , heels, and toes like nothing else. They ARE worth the investment! If I wear sandals instead of these shoes, my feet are always swollen by the end of the day. The Mizuno Wave prophecy's have saved my life. I have been exceptionally pleased with them! Get them- you wont regret it! I bought them just a 1/2 size larger than my "regular" size and they fit perfectly, a FULL size larger would have been TOO big- as some others have suggested.
So far very worth the investment! (About 1 month.) Previously wearing Mizuno Wave Enigma (love those too). The Prophecy is a bit roomier, thus saying feels a half size bigger. It does not make the shoe feel too big or cause slippage, nor did I size down. They are just that much more comfortable and plenty of flexible room for the toes. If you have a very narrow foot, these shoes probably wouldn't work. I now have two pair so I can rotate. I run 25+ miles per week and am training for Marathon #2. No shin pain, no back pain, no hot spots, no blisters. These shoes were designed to run in. You can feel the difference. Lack of color choices is the only reason I gave them one less star for style but despite they still look pretty good on the feet. Try them. It's insurance for your feet, knees, hips and back. You are worth it!
I'm a loyal Mizuno Wave Creation wearer but decided to see what the hype was about regarding the Wave Prophecy. They were comfortable until I started moving laterally and then the top started to dig into my ankle. I used to suffer from ankle tendonitis so needless to say, I only wear these shoes for "everyday" shoes now. I bought another pair of Wave Creations and will continue to stick with my tried and true. As with all Mizuno shoes, I have to bump up 1/2 a size. I wear a 7 1/2 buy an 8.
Love these shoes, they do run a little small so you may need to go up a half size. Really helps take shock off of your knees when you jog. I will buy these again.
Good shoe although I would definitely order at least a half size up as you should with running shoes if not a full size. After about 5 miles my feet feel like they are crammed into a shoe a half size too small. Not sure yet if it was worth the splurge but overall I like them.
I'm writing this review 6 months after having owned and used this shoe. I run about 12-15 miles a week and until this pair, I only used Asics Gel Kayanos. These Mizunos have completely transformed how I run! The clever thing about these shoes is that they are very carefully designed to force you to land on your forefoot rather than pound your heels -- the interesting thing is that this is a natural result of the shape of the sole. After years of being a heel-pounder, I now land gently on my forefoot rather naturally. These shoes seem to run half a size small. I'm a solid size 10 and needed 10.5 on these. In case the sticker price is a factor, I would say that if you are a runner, these shoes will change your "running life". They're worth every penny.
I am 5'6" 200 pounds, and I have been loosing weight by running/walking, I lost 45 pounds in one year. I got these shoes because I read in "Runners Magazine" that they are the best for large/heavier runners. Well I just got them last week, I ran 30 miles this week, an extra 10, and felt great! My feet are not as sore as with my other shoes, I have plantar fascitis, so far I have not used the inserts and the shoes feel great. My knees and back are not hurting as much as with my other shoes, these are definitely worth every penny of the Big price tag. However if they gets me off my butt and moving I will be getting another pair in six months or so. Oh I also wear them for work! I love them! The size 11 is perhaps a tiny bigger than my other size 11 shoes, but once I put the inserts in the fit is perfect.
These are the first pair of running shoes I've purchased in years. When I decided to bump it up a notch and start running, I did some research and found the Mizuno Wave Prophecy. These shoes are awesome. My knees feel protected, no shin splints, and I can actually feel my heel in suspension while running. It's a very cool sensation. They are springy as described. No foot pain. High-tech look. The only drawback for me is I followed the advice of many reviewers and ordered a half size up...big mistake for me. A 9.5 would have been perfect. I have a narrow foot. Anyway, I inserted gel insoles, so now they fit really well. I love running and I love these shoes! They're pricey, but I'm definitely going to get another pair when the time comes.
I have been wearing The Asics Gel Kayano for years and I was very hesitant to try anything new. I love these! Ran 4 miles in them right out of the box, they are awesome! I swear they make me go faster and improve my stride! This is the first time I felt I had to write a review, these shoes are definitely worth a try! Order a 1/2 size up.
First off I would like to say that I am new to running, but not new to being active and working out. I got fitted professionally fitted for running shoes. Imagine my surprise when I ended up wearing a 10! All my other shoes are 8.5. Apparently it is all about where the widest part of your foot is for a running shoe v. length. It has really paid off. These shoes feel amazing. I have really achy feet and a some knee issues. I am still working through those, but these shoes are a big help. They have less rubber/cushion, but still feel very cushioned due to the wave plate. Since they have less cushion they are supposed to last 2 times as long. Since, I love the look and feel - they are worth it. I felt compared to other size 10's they were a little smaller and narrower, which I liked, because I have pretty narrow flat feet.
