Saucony Grid® Fastwitch 5
These are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever worn. They are great for those like me with flat arches. The do run a little small so I would recommend getting them a size bigger. Going to try and get another pair that is a different color.
Great shoes, but as others have recommended get a 1/2 size bigger then normal.
After searching for months I finally found the perfect shoe for both training and racing. This show is a lightweight but stable flat with just the right amount of support. Looks pretty good too! After reading some of the reviews out there I ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly. Now I need to buy a couple more pairs before they change them!
I have medical issues that has sidelined my 40 year running career. I was Saucony shoe wearer for a majority of those. I bought these for the color, and the Saucony fit of my foot. Saucony shoes are two sizes small for me so I know what to order. If they change that then I will be very disappointed.
Just got back from a run with these new shoes thinking about what to write all the way. They arrived in just two days. It was Christmas in July! Yes, I love these shoes. I never realized what difference a couple of ounces make. These shoes are light (my last pair also a Saucony and heavier) and have just enough support for me. I'm 5'6" 140lbs flat feet and run about 15-20 miles a week. I wear a size 9 and ordered 9.5 as I did with my last pair. That extra .5 was perfect. They are very comfortable and okay, as a non-conformist child of the 60's I love the screamingly green color. Gets a lot of attention. Don't order if you don't want to make new friends.
Love these and they are super light, and as a major-league over-pronator, they give the forefoot and heel stability to keep me from wobbling. I am also recovering from a touch of plantar fascia and they are keeping my heel happy. Can't forget to mention they are very bright green and everyone who sees them wants to know where to get them! I wear woman's 9-9.5, bought the 8's because I know Saucony runs small and the right woman's size was not available and could probably have gone to the 8.5, but I'm still happy.
Was excited about the new Fastwitch - order and came next day. However, shoe feels a half size smaller the the Fastwitch 4.
