Capezio Rockit Dancesneaker
This is my second pair of Capezio Rockit Dancesneakers. They are ideal for zumba and couldn't be more comfortable. They are well cushioned and flexible, but run very small. I normally wear a 5.5 shoe and 6 in a sneaker, but I needed size 7 in these.
Love these shoes for Zumba...I can move around on the floor without any sticking. True to size and great arch support. I contacted LIVE CHAT and they helped me choose the shoes due to my very narrow feet! Did not have to break them in. Wore them to class with out any problems. THANK YOU ZAPPOS!
Chose these for Zumba classes, because you could easily pivot and slide in these, thus keeping your knees safe from strain and possible injury. I followed online advice and got these 1/2 size larger than my regular one. I am size 9, wide feet. 9 1/2 fit like a dream with thick athletic socks, the toe box is roomy, and they are just so light and great for dancing. Highly recommend this model.
I bought these shoes for Zumba and have liked them very much so far. I was feeling knee pain from Zumba in my running shoes. I wear a size 6 in street shoes, a 7 in running shoes, and the 7½ in these fit well. I had to wear them around the house a few hours at first to break them in as they felt a bit tight on my feet. They are comfortable and work well for dancing. Just be careful driving in them as the sole is a bit slick and took some getting used to.
I bought these to use for Zumba classes and I am glad that I did. It is easier to step and slide in these lightweight, comfortable shoes. I found that the gripping surface of the soles in my regular walking shoes made me feel like I was sticking to the wooden floors. I bought a half size larger than I usually wear.
First Capezio purchase.  After reading reviews I ordered one size larger than my regular 8.5 size.  Still too small.  Probably need a 9.  The shoe is nice but still a little too heavy for what I need.
These are incredibly lightweight, however the sizing appears to be inconsistent. Many other reviewers said they ran small and to size up at least one whole size - this was not true for me. I normally wear a 7.5, so I ordered both an 8 and 8.5 to try on at home. Both shoes were too big, and I needed to return them for my regular street size.
I really like Capezio's shoes, and these are no exception. They're my third pair. I wear them for work, and they're super comfortable. My feet don't hurt at the end of the day, but I do get some funny comments! I will probably buy Capezios until I get a job where I don't stand all day! Oh, they're consistently a full size smaller, so get a size bigger than you normally get!
I recently started Zumba and wanted to find a good pair of shoes to wear to class. My sneakers were causing traction on the studio floor resulting in some knee pain. After reading other reviews, I bought the Rockit Dancesneaker a half size larger than my shoe size (I am a size 8, but bought a size 8.5) and they fit perfectly! I love this shoe but do have to be a bit careful because they can be slippery.
I bought these for Zumba, and I bought them a half-size larger than usual, which is recommended for athletic shoes. I work out in two different studios, and the sneaker is GREAT for one, which has a fairly "sticky" floor, and challenging for the other, which has a very "slick" floor. The sole offers almost no traction, so it's great for pivoting and sliding moves, but on a polished surface, it's almost impossible to keep your foot planted in place. The split sole design makes it very flexible, and I was surprised by how good the arch support is.
I have been taking Zumba classes for four years wearing regular sneakers. Over the years, I have battled tired calves and sticking to the floor, which put pressure on my knees. Since wearing these Capezio Rockit Dancesneakers, I have so much energy and am not fearful about injuring my knees. They are really great! Order a full size larger.

I usually wear size 6.5 street shoes. I ordered size 7. It's a bit tight at first, but after wearing for an hour of line dancing, it's very comfortable. It's a bit more slippery (nice feature) than my other 2 year old dance sneakers. I'm glad I invested in buying this pair of dance sneakers.

I love this shoe. I use them for Zumba, they are soft and flexible. I had to buy 1/2 size bigger. I'm thinking of buying another pair just wear as tennis shoes. Very comfortable!
I absolutely love this shoe. I do Zumba and couldn't move in regular sneakers--this makes it a breeze and no impact on your knees. I'm very happy, but I would suggest ordering a whole size bigger than your street shoes--does run small. Had to return my first pair, but it was without a bit of hassle!!!

These are very stylin' dance sneakers. Good support and flexibility. However, the soles are hard and not rubbery, thus making them slippery on hard surfaces. As with all capezios, go up a half-size since they run a little small.
Great shoes for dance classes -- they allow your foot to be flexible. Get a half size larger than you might wear in a shoe or sneaker.
