PUMA Liga Suede Classic
Bought this shoe and made the mistake of leaving the house before really seeing how they fit. Now I have a shoe that is nowhere near the size 12 I normally wear and can't return them. Bought a similar pair of Adidas and they fit like a 12 should. Advise going up a size on this one.
I have been wanting a pair of old school Puma's for a while. I went to a bunch of stores and nobody had them. I finally found them on this site and I am very happy with them. Some reviews said they run a full size larger, but I didn't find that. I ordered my usual size and they fit perfect, they look cute and the shipping was super fast. I would recommend the shoes and this site!!
This, quite simply, is the best shoe I have ever owned. I love them so much, I have the black with blue and the brown with yellow. I plan on getting the gray with red when they are in stock in my size. I too have had a life changing experience in these shoes (the brown ones)! I just keep on walking down my path, one foot in front of the other. And I know I'll be okay in my trusty Puma Liga's.
Nice classic style shoes. I've received lots of cool shoes comments already. They are just a tad bit smaller than their size though. I'd recommend going a 1/2 size higher than your usual size.
Beautiful shoes, especially in the black/blue combination. I bought these shoes to replace a pair of puma suede. However, I had to return them, the sizes run small and this particular model is a very narrow fit, so if you have wider feet like I do you are probably better off getting a different model like the puma suede/Adidas campus.
This is a great shoe. Just make sure to order a half size larger than normal.
Love these shoes, instant cool factor. A tad narrow, but ordering a 1/2 size up takes care of that along with great overall fit. The gray ones look awesome with jeans.

Fantastic! I have the Puma Suede as well, and they are more true to size, but these are good. I ordered one size too big, and they fit perfect. 

Got these for my hubby. He wears a solid 9.5 to a 10. Even with the 10 size, they were way too small, and too narrow. This is a handsome, simple shoe with a lot of style, and I wish they had fit him because I hate his other tennis shoes. I will continue shopping for a different style as these are probably just too narrow of a style overall. 

I use these shoes for indoor soccer and just wearing around. Not a lot of support, but great for playing. They run small. Get at least half size larger. Also seems a little narrow.
Really cool shoes. I had to order a half size up from my normal size (I'm a solid 8 women's) even though the other women reviewers said they fit true to size. I have really high arches so I could use more support than these shoes give, but overall these shoes rule.
These Puma runs insanely small. The size chart told me to get a 9.5. Three pairs later, I'm up to an 11, with the 10 and 10.5 being too small.
