Sperry Top-Sider Bahama 2-Eye
I purchased these shoes for my 14-year old daughter and she loves them. She wears a size 11 and she has flat feet; however, the shoe is well made and looks great on her feet.
These shoes are quite stiff the first time you wear them; I recommend wearing them with a hide-able sock until they've stretched to your liking. After the first wear, they are comfortable and good for all-day wear. The design of this shoe does make your feet look longer than they are (I got them in platinum/ white, so maybe a darker print would solve this problem?); I wear a 7 or 7.5 and these made my feet look like 9s. The elongating effect might not be so noticeable on someone taller, but I am 5'3" and one of my students even commented on the phenomenon: "Whoa! What size shoe do you wear?"
These shoes are true to color and size. They are very comfortable as well - I purchased these shoes 3 weeks ago and wear them almost every day. The only downfall is they don't stay tied.
Love the style of these unique shoes! Haven't seen anyone wearing the same ones, that's for sure. You may not notice from the picture but there are sequins all over them, sort of like fish scales (nautical theme).

All in all, a good purchase. Note, though, that the laces come undone a bit too easily. And I find they fit better with thicker socks because they're a little loose toward the arch even though they're my regular size (although my toes are ever-so-slightly squished).
I have received multiple compliments on this shoe. They have a little sparkle, without being overkill.  I'm a nurse, and on casual days, wear these with capri's.  They are fun, yet comfortable.  Initially, they felt tight across the top of my foot, but that has resolved with wear.  .  They feel a bit longer then sized, so slip a tad bit on the heel, but wouldn't want to go down a half size due to the tightness across the widest part of the foot.  I've only worn them a month, yet at the toes they seem to be looking dingy.  Hope they last. (My brother in law swears by Sperrys, and his last for years).
I absolutely love these shoes! Theyre comfortable casual and stylish.True to size as well.Im usually 5 1/2 but ordered a 6  just in case they ran small but they dont theyre slighty big on me but I dont mind.
Love these. I took the sole out and put my orthotics in them. I can wear them all day no problem. True to size and I have a wide foot!
I loved the looks of these shoes so I purchased them, after trying three pairs, one a women's size 10 (way too narrow), a men's size 8 (the equivalent, but wider, but still felt tight), I settled on a men's 8.5, still a bit narrow in the toe box, and my feet are not unusually wide. I compared them to my favorite Sperry's (size 8) which are not made anymore and they are so much narrower. I had to put insoles in them to lift my foot a bit from the footbed so my toes did not get squeezed into submission by the non stretching rubber that wraps around the shoe. My toes are much happier now, but it sure was a hassle to be fashionable! I'm not sure I would recommend these shoes, too bad because they are good looking!
Great boat shoe! They run true to size & are very comfortable to wear. I have received several compliments from friends on how great they look. I am definitely going to buy another pair of Sperry Top-siders. I highly recommend them.
Really comfortable shoe. It fits fairly close on your foot, so if you wear with no socks your feet will get sweaty. These fit true to size, unlike other Sperry traditional boat shoes, which I usually buy a 1/2 smaller than my usual size. The insole is very nice, and removable (if you find that important for special inserts etc.). I'd buy again at this price.
These are amazing. I tried them on in a store to find out the right size, and I needed to go a half size smaller for the best fit. These shoes are some of the most comfortable I have had!
I am a long-time loyal Sperry owner, these would rank up there with the most comfortable and stylish ones I've owned to date. They are not as fully supportive as the Billfish models, and in my opinion, more cushioned than the normal Top-Siders. It is hard to describe the shoe's material. It isn't a true sack canvas, but it is a cotton-type of material. These shoes are very true-to-fit, so whatever size you normally wear will be great. As with all Sperry's I've owned, if you wear them barefoot when new, do expect a bit of soreness on the foot/toe edges. I would caution is that the sole and the side bottom rubber is white and will be tough to keep that way. If you do get the Navy/Khaki Plaid do not be surprised if there is some discoloration on the front top blue material. This does at some character, so I didn't mind it. Do expect plenty of compliments! They also look great with everything!
