Clae Russell
I love this shoe! It's a great looking, dressier sneak. I got the black, and they are super easy to clean. Just wipe them off with a slightly damp rag, and they look brand new! Didn't feel smaller than marked, but they're narrower, so order a size up!

Definitely order a size larger. They are a nice, stylish and comfortable shoe. But as another viewer noted, the grey leather is darker than the wool, so it's more of a two-tone look. I often get compliments on them. 
Really like these shoes. Materials are quality and the ripstop is unique and very durable. Comfort wise they do run a half to full size small and are narrow towards the front. Took a little breaking in but after that they were very comfortable. I love the simple look and fact that they don't have a huge logo anywhere on them. Definitely a more adult sneaker. 
Clae Russells are an extremely fly looking pair of kicks.  I get looks/compliments all the time.  Make sure to wear your jeans behind the tongue to show off the full look and the red leather inside!  They do run narrow and short, as I had to size up to a size 11 from a normal size 10.
I am consistently a size 10 in sneakers, and these shoes definitely run about a full size smaller in width, so order up.

The Ballistic Nylon is fantastic looking and contrasts nicely with the smooth leather.  Wear these with your jeans behind the tongue to make sure you can show these kicks off.  Trust me, you will get many positive looks.

The shoe has a very comfortable footbed; in fact, it's one of the most comfortable sneakers I have ever owned, and I am counting over 50 pairs across a variety of brands (Nike, Reebok, Adidas, Puma, Converse, Tretorn, Tsubo among them).
These kicks look great but Clae needs some growing to do in terms of product development. The white sole gets dirty and is impossible to clean. The shoe also has a very bad fit. After ordering 2 sizes larger than my size, I had to remove the sole in order to fit into the shoes. It seems as though the length of the shoe fits the normal sizing charts but Clae hasn't accounted accurately for the spacing inside the shoe. All in all, design wise the shoe is nice but the pain of wearing them isn't worth the price.
A comfortable and good-looking shoe. They run very narrow, so I recommend ordering a full size larger.
Great casual sneaker. Goes with just about anything and you will get compliments on it by stylish people, as I have. Glad I got them. You will probably have to go a size bigger than normal shoe size, it's a narrow fit. 
This is the 2nd pair of Russell\'s I have purchased and I really do enjoy these shoes. They are not for everyone as the foot pocket is a little smaller then the size indicated, so always size up. I however am a 13 in most shoes and because of the narrowness of my feet can avoid having to size up in Claes.
The build quality of this shoe is impeccable, and the styling is really classic. I can tell these shoes will last forever. I do have a larger foot (size 12) and I notice that this shoe is irregularly narrow which causes some discomfort to my outer toes. I wouldn't recommend this shoe for long walks. I can barely keep them on a full day. I'm hoping eventually they will loosen up a bit.
Great shoe. Very comfortable. Purchase in a half size larger than what you normally wear.
The shoes are spectacular! They do seem to fit a half size smaller, but I am not sure if that's the problem. The shoes are pretty narrow so there is pressure on my pinky and big fat toes, but buying a 9 rather an 8 1/2 may have helped. I hope wearing them out here and there will eliminate the tension. Overall I am happy with them. I will be buying more Clae shoes in the future, at least a half size bigger.
