Nike Zoom Waffle Racer 8
The shoes look nice, but my biggest problem with the shoes is its about half size smaller. If your size is usually 9, the size 9 of Waffle Racer will be unlikely to fit.
First impressions are wow! This is my 1st intro to a XC shoe. Very light weight with awesome traction. My first steps in this shoe were a short 3 mile run. They were great. Can't wait to air them out again. Needed a full size larger than than what I normally wear in Nike.
They are light as air, but they run about a 1/2 size smaller than stated.

I bought a pair of the first Zoom Waffle shoes back in 2000 and I wore them, no kidding, off and on for 7 years, changing the orthotics multiple times. The construction of the shoe has changed a good bit, mainly in quality of materials. What was once actual material with stitching now appears to be a very thin applique, and the sole seems thinner. With that in mind, though, the tread pattern of these shoes from toe to heel is unmatched....no better traction in inclement weather in any other shoe I know of. Very light and definitely narrow...I would guess with average to above average width feet you should order at least a half if not whole size larger than normal. I run primarily trails and grass, right now about 8-10 miles a week. Very comfortable in the woods with roots and such ( I run with no socks)...more than a barefoot shoe but still such that you can feel the terrain, which is what I love. This is petty, but the laces are paper thin, you may want to change those. All in all a fantastic shoe...they make your feet feel like they have claws. And a great price.
I too read the reviews and felt I should have gotten a larger shoe. I sure wish I did. They are about a half size small and I have flat feet so I kind of knew better. Totally my fault. Great looking shoe but a little too tight. Honestly they do stretch a small bit but all in all I recommend buying a half size larger
This shoe is amazing. I honestly don't understand why it only has 3/5 stars. I've read reviews where people complain by saying the shoes are half a size off, the arches are too high, and the width is off. Allow me to blast through all that! I wear a 9.5, and after reading other reviews I almost got 10's, but I decided to go with my gut and got a 9.5. No other shoe have fit me so perfectly. My foot is of average width, and the shoe still fits fine. The arch isn't uncomfortable at all. These shoes are racing shoes, they're suppose to feel snug! Now, I don't use this for XC, so I don't know about the usefulness of these shoes for XC, but I do use these shoes for sprinting and triple/long jumping in indoor track. Trust me when I say you will not be disappointed in the performance of these shoes for indoor track sprinting and jumping.
