Five Ten Impact v2 Low
Excellent shoe - 
Bought the shoe to ride mountain biking on platform pedals. Fit was to size, soles grip the platforms like glue. Big shoes for the size, so don't expect them to make your feet look small(er). I have a slightly wide foot, and they fit fine. So maybe a person with a narrow foot would find them a bit wide? Couldn't be happier. Well, if they'd been free...

A great all-around shoe, not just for biking - 
Personally I liked the style of the original impact better, but since I can't find it in my size I went with the impact2.
Fit, comfort and durability are all top notch. This is a great everyday shoe. The sole is super grippy on everything but paint (i.e. on painted asphalt they grip like normal shoes) I love how the shoe is designed around the shape of the foot. The "raptor tongue" never gets sucked down into the shoe when I put it on. The laces move easily through the nylon webbing eyelets which are under the leather upper, thus protecting the laces from abrasion.
This shoe required no breaking in what so ever. Although the sole was a little stiff to begin with it was never uncomfortable and actually added a little spring to my step. I have screws and pins in my right foot and a lot of bone scarring so finding a shoe that fits is difficult but the 5.10s fit right from the first time I donned them. I wear these everyday and the support and comfort are top notch.
I have put about 200 walking miles on these shoes and they look great, feel great and grip like glue. I would highly recommend them to anyone who wants a dependable, day in, day out shoe that can do double duty as a mountain biking, hiking or rock scrambling shoe.

Probably better suited for men - 
These shoes are probably great for what they are meant to be. But as a female, I find that they look way too bulky and cumbersome. They are also sized a little big. I might try another style in Five Tens that are listed for women.

Best on the market, but not perfect...
A few years ago, Intense Cycles talked to Five Ten about making a mountain biking specific shoe. They were on the market for a year or two and then were discontinued by Intense, so Five Ten changed them slightly, took the Intense logo off, and this is the result. 
First, the good; the shoes are pretty much the best "flat pedal" shoe on the market. They offer great grip, a stiff sole, and good protection for your foot when knocking into rocks on the trail. 
Now for the bad; Besides from the price tag, they're on the heavy/bulky side, which becomes more of a problem in the larger sizes. 
Another note here, Five Ten never really designed this shoe to be a mountain biking specific shoe in the first place and don't just take my word for it......go over to FiveTen.com and look at their casual shoes. You'll see a couple of them have the same outsoles, which was originally designed for recreational rock climbing. If Five Ten wants to make the best mountain bike shoe ever, they need to make this shoe a little lighter and less bulky.......but honestly, they're already off to a great start, and hopefully they'll sell well enough for Five Ten to think about a redesign in a year or two.


