Keen Alamosa WP
This shoe is great. It is a typical Keen but I have learned to order up a size either because shoes are smaller or my arches are slipping and the foot is increasing in overall size. But very comfortable and worth the purchase.
This shoe runs a half size small compared to other Keen shoes. I read the other reviews that said that, and I ignored them (I'm actually between sizes), but they run small enough that I had to go half a size larger than I have had to do with any other Keen. The toe-box is also smaller than other Keen shoes. They are still very comfortable, but fit more like a Merrell shoe. All in all, I really like these shoes, but they don't fit like the other Keens I have or have had.
Had to go 1 full size up (I'm a 10 and had to order an 11) but that got me a light, supportive comfortable Keen shoe!
They feel good! Had to go a half size up, but they feel great right out of the box. Light weight and broken in - I feel like I'm wearing an old comfortable pair of sneaker-shoes. Haven't worn them long enough yet for long-term review, but we're off to a good start.
Love the appearance and construction of these shoes. They seem to run a little small, so you may want to order a size up. 
These are awesome shoes. They run true to size and are comfortable. I have worn Keens and started wearing Merrells, but my feet never felt rested. I went back to Keen and felt difference the first day.
These shoes are easy to get off and on. They don't require much tightening with the laces which is nice. I wear them on a hilly trail and they are comfortable and grip well. Based on the reviews I ordered 1/2 size up. That was still tight on my big toe so I went a full size larger and those fit comfortably with thick and thin socks.
Cute shoes, but they were too small.  I ordered two different pair of shoes at the same time.  Both of them were ordered in the same size.  This pair was smaller than the other pair.
I appreciated the review which noted that this shoe has a narrow heel, which I need, and that it runs small. I ordered an 8.5 though I wear an 8 in Keen sandals. It seemed to fit fine when I received it, but later when I put them on to hike, my toes touched the end, so I am returning it for a larger size. I am having a hard time finding a hiking shoe that fits.
I am a lover of Keen but this was my first Keen sneaker/hiker. I WANTED to love this shoe. Took it out of the box, slipped it on, and it felt like the shoe became one with my foot. This is a good and bad thing. They are very snug and offer great support and with their light weight and stability, I can see why hikers love them. Unfortunately, it was a bit TOO snug over my high instep. I wore them around the house for about an hour. A minor discomfort in my instep turned into an ache which turned into my foot falling asleep. I do admit to having a high instep, so most people will not have this problem. I had adequate toe room and did not feel like the toe box was narrow at all, having plenty of room as I have in all of my other Keens. There was excellent arch support, heck, excellent support all around. It was a tad on the clunky side, but I expected that from a hiking shoe. The heels did not slip at all. Overall, I would definitely recommend this shoe. I would get at least a 1/2 size up. I normally wear a 9 and the 9.5 was very snug with thin socks.
Great shoe; I ordered a half size up and it was perfect. Wore them all around Alaska and my feet stayed dry and warm.
I love most of my Keens, especially the Voyageur boots and Whisper sandals. 10½ has always been perfect for me in Keens up to now (I wear size 10 street shoes). I need something waterproof and have tried the Alamosa WP and the Gypsum WP in 10½ and 11. The 10½ feels like they are made for my feet, except that they are too short in the toes. The 11 is too loose. I guess the waterproof membrane takes up some room. I am disappointed that Keen cannot get its sizing more consistent. Both Alamosa and Gypsum are really nice hiking shoes.
I have a lot of trouble finding hiking shoes and boots that fit, but Merrells often work for me. This year, however, their hiking shoes felt too light - more sneaker than boot. In the search for a substitute, I've tried Asolo, Lowa, Salomon, Vasque, Patagonia and Keen hiking shoes. These Keens - I ordered 1/2 size up per the comments, and am glad I did - were almost okay, but not quite. First, I did find them on the (too) light side. Second, I use SOLE Signature EV Ultra footbeds (which provide nice cushioning and amazing arch support). They are a little bit thicker than the standard insoles, and with them in the heel of the Keens was a little too short and my heel was slipping. The middle and toe box of the shoe fit well, with plenty of toe room. I ended up going with the Patagonia Drifter A/Cs, which fit perfectly with the SOLEs in and are heavier.
Love the looks of these shoes, and I've always ordered a size 8 in other Keen shoes, but these were too short. I'd already worn them outside before I figured it out. So I ordered an 8 1/2 and they are great. I still wear the smaller ones with no socks for a short time. Should have paid attention to the reviews! :)
I love Keen shoes so excited about these. They are very comfortable and have excellent support. Plan on wearing them to Ecuador for a 9 day mission trip and they should be perfect for that. I found that they run small and had to order a whole size up to fit with thicker socks.
I love Keen shoes! I have wide feet with high arches and these shoes were comfortable right out of the box.They are great for wearing casually and rugged enough for rough trail walking or hiking. Be aware that Keen has sizing issues. Sizes vary from style to style. I can take an 8, 8 1/2 or a 9 with closed shoes usually requiring the larger size.
These are great shoes for hiking. They are sturdy but flexible. They are true to size but fit snugly. I would suggest going up a half size if you plan on wearing thick socks.
Please stop changing the fit! I love Keen - I own about 8 pairs - all the same size. But every once in a while, I order a style that is a very different fit. These run narrow. Please, Keen - do not cater to narrow footed women; they have most of the other shoes in the world. They are very cute, though. I really wanted to keep them.
I really wanted to like these shoes, but unfortunately the toe box was painfully small. Within a few minutes of walking around in these shoes, I could feel hot, painful friction against my pinky toes. I am a true 7.5 in almost every shoe (including my other Keen shoes), and I do not have wide feet, but these were very narrow in the toes. I would have liked to just order a half size up, but the heel felt a bit big and was slipping, so I don't think that would have worked. They do look nice and feel sturdy and supportive for my high arches, but unfortunately they are just too painful.

Great looking (gargoyle/ceramic color) but had to return them for the heel slipping. Do not usually have that problem. Actually have never had that problem before. After wearing for 45 minutes around house found I had a hot red spot on my heel. I usually wear a 7 1/2 and ordered a 7 1/2. These felt a little small in the toe box but not quite a whole 1/2 size small. Probably would have kept the 7 1/2 if not for the heel slippage thing.
