New Balance WW606
I've worn this shoe before; this is my second pair. I wear orthotics and take a half-size larger than normal to accommodate them. The shoes are very comfortable; the color is good for many venues besides the gym. The cushioning is supportive and the shoes wear well.
I suffer from plantar fasciitis and bone spurs that are unbearable at times. I have always been dedicated to exercise but I had to give up cardio because of the pain. I purchased the New Balance WW606 and I am back on my treadmill. I am not doing my usual hour at 4.0 but I can walk an hour at a lower pace. I wear heel pads and thick socks with this shoe so I went up 1/2 size. I am so relieved that I found a shoe that I can walk in again. In addition, these shoes are really cute. Leigh Fort Mill, SC
I purchased these shoes to have a comfortable walking shoe for a recent safari retreat.  Knowing that New Balance caters to 'hard to fit' feet, I ordered my usual size 12, thinking it would be perfect.  Sadly, I was wrong.  It's been years since I've worn this brand and maybe they've changed manufactures or standards since then.  Even though these are far from the top of the line shoes, they appear cheaply constructed and run shorter than I remember.  I'm not sure if I can return them because I no longer have the box. 
I ordered this in 7.5 and they were still too small (toe hit) and I usually wear a 6.5/7. I am returning, but just wanted to reconfirm what others are saying that they run small. I marked it 1 star because it is frustrating when a shoe is so mis-sized.
I have short, wide feet, I got these in wide, a full size larger than normal. That made them perfect. The are unbelievably comfortable for walking - 3 miles in the heat, on a tolerable trail, with no breaking in. Very light weight, also. Fabulous!
I normally wear a 8½D in athletic shoes to accommodate socks, and my old New Balances are this size. Unfortunately, I found the 606 too short and too narrow. I tried them in 9D which fit in length and the toe box but was too narrow in the arch. I really wanted to like these but finally sent them back. I guess I need a 9XW in New Balance now, which is almost impossible to find.
Very comfortable. It's hard for me to find small sizes in wide. These are perfect for walking.
