adidas Mundial Team
My U9 (size 4) soccer player suffers from sever's foot (e.g., soccer heel) and needed some comfortable soccer cleats. Based on a search, I found these cleats. He loves them and says they are the most comfortable cleats he has worn. We play on natural grass most of the time but he also uses them on artificial turf. He does slip some on wet grass and we switch to regular cleats, but these work fine on most field conditions. Highly recommend, but wish they would offer more styles other than the Adidas '70s styling.
This is my second pair of Mundial turf shoes. I love them. I play indoor soccer three times per week and I love the traction on these shoes. I had tried other shoes with similar pegs and found these are by far more superior. The leather is super soft and the ball feel is the best. They run true to size.
Very happy with my new shoes. I went with a half size smaller as suggested by other reviewers and I'm finding they are stretching comfortably. Bought them because they were supposed to have better arch support and they haven't disappointed me yet. These replaced my cleats and my indoor shoes as they have good traction for both!
This is the second pair I've owned and I consider it to be a great shoe.  Very comfortable right out of the box.  I typically wear size 10 shoes and that's what I get with these.  Also very versatile.  I wear them for indoor and outdoor.
Love this shoe. No blisters or break-in period. Very good traction, it can get a little slippery on wet grass but give it a break it is just a turf shoe! I wear it for indoor, outdoor turf and outdoor grass and it's the only soccer shoe I own. I play 2 times per week year round and have had this pair for well over 8 months with no real signs of breaking down or coming apart. I ordered mine 1/2 smaller than normal as the leather stretches out a bit. I know some friends who like their shoes extra snug and they order full size smaller than they normally wear.
Perfect shoes for artificial turf or short grass. Not for play on hard surfaces or muddy fields, although they do hold their own in mud compared to most turf shoes. I play soccer and field hockey in them, and they work equally well for both sports.  Incredibly comfortable, and true to size.
Feels just a little narrow and also about a half size bigger then marked. I ordered a half size smaller and they are just right. You can't wear thick socks with this shoe (like I said it's a bit narrow). Overall a well made comfortable soccer shoe--no problems through half an indoor season.
