Puma Kids Speeder Illuminescent V (Infant/Toddler/Youth)
We found the length to be true to size but the width of the front was very narrow. The supposed insert to allow for a better fit was thinner than expected and the shoe was unfinished below. It didn't work to remove this insert and just made it more uncomfortable. Also, only one of the shoes light up in the pair we got. We returned these.
Bought the Puma Kids Illuminescent V in navy/white for my 6 year old. He has been wearing them for a few weeks and loves them! They don't look "cheap" like most of the other light up shoes we've seen. Puma usually runs small so we sized up. For reference, his foot measures 13-1/2 so we ordered a 1-1/2 and they fit perfectly. His feet are also pretty narrow and these give a nice snug fit without being tight. If your child has wide feet, I think these would be too tight. Overall these shoes are great and we plan to buy them again!
We love Pumas and I get these every year for both of my boys.  This one, however, fits small.  Go a full size up.
I bought these as 'back to school' shoes. I also needed velcro because my 5 year old can not tie shoes yet. Apparently Adidas no longer uses velcro when getting into bigger sizes, so we we went with Puma. And we love these shoes. I ordered 3 different pairs for my son starting at size 11 (his last pair were Adidas size 10). We exchanged them for a different style in an 11.5...and they were still a little small, so I exchanged them for this style in a 12. All of different styles I exchanged were Pumas so I knew the sizing would be consistent. These were my favorite! The other ones were "okay" but these are cool! My brother came over and saw them and said, too bad they don't make those in adult! The only little tiny nitpick I have is that the white of this shoe is now a very light blue from stepping in wet grass, rain, etc. I think the dark blue ran into the white a bit. But it's not noticeable except to me.
I love these shoes! They are very stylish, yet functional. My 2-year old absolutely loves the light up Pumas. They are very comfortable for him and fit great! I would buy a size up as the sizes run small.
Love these shoes! We started with the blue and green ones and loved them so much that we bought the next size for our son and also a pair of the girls version for our daughter. Great shoes.
Great looking shoes online and in person. Sadly, they were 1/2 size too short (my son usually wears an 11.5 toddler and he could barely squeeze into it. Size 12 Toddler fit perfectly in length). When we did find the right size, it was too narrow and he took them off immediately. The light up decal is not cheesy like most light-up shoes, and he loved it. But just didn't fit.
Great sneaker. They run a little narrow, but otherwise run true to size. Hold up to wear and tear well. 
I bought these for my grandson and he loves them. They run true to size, look great on and he wants to wear them everyday. I am glad that I purchased them.
Very small and narrow. Look super cute, but couldn't cram my little guys foot in it. He's usually not a wide either. Also at least a shoe size in length small.
Very cute little shoes. My son loves it. The catch is only that the shoes runs a little too small. Maybe one or three quarter size smaller. I ordered size 11 and with New Balance my son size is only 9.5. It is so cute maybe Puma should make a little bigger on the size
I loved them, but most importantly my little toddler loves them.  These are the only shoes he will wear now.  We have gotten tons of compliments. They do run a little small though so I ordered a size up and they fit perfect.
These are the coolest light up sneakers by far. For us they were true to size, but the bump in the rear ankle is quite stiff and did give my son blisters until broken in.
