adidas Originals Kids Samoa (Toddler/Youth)
True to size. Great shoes for my 2 year old! Easy to put on and take off himself.
I really liked these shoes for my kiddo. They are very comfortable he says and they have a really good grip at the bottom. But keep in mind if you do be them, you might want to get them a half of size bigger they run just a little bit smaller then normal. But overall Love these shoes.
I got these for my 5 year old son. When we took them out of the box his comment was "ooh, these are cool," which is not always the comment I hear when we buy him clothes. These sneakers have removable insoles with circular drawing of a footprint that can help you determine whether or not they are the right size. Basically you take the insoles out, place your child's foot and see if the foot stays within the marked area. I found this very helpful. The sneakers are not the lightest pair he ever had (they are not very heavy either) but the upside is that they are very sturdy and supportive. What I like best is that they are easy to clean. We got the navy/white pair and if you use a damp rag or a sponge to wipe the white areas (stripes and sides) dirt comes off and the shoes definitely look better. I like the "retro" look and the fact that they don't have too many things going on so they look good on the playground with sweats as well as when they are "dressed up" with pair of pants/jeans and the shirt. My son has been wearing them for a month now pretty much every day. Like most 5 year old boys he is not very careful with his shoes but so far they have been holding off even better than I expected. Overall I am very pleased with these shoes and would recommend them to others.
I can always count on Adidas to make a durable, comfortable true-to-size shoe, and this one is no exception! My 7 year old loves it and so do I!
Great shoe.  Bought it for my daughter and we are both really happy with the shoe.  Fit true to size and looks sharp.
I bought these shoes for my daughter and she absolutely loves them. They are good for rain and shine, only thing is that when you buy them you need to buy one size bigger than your child's feet. They run a size smaller than the real size! Love them!
Great shoes! Such a classic look, plus so athletic. Both my sons wear these and they are light on their feet and very active. I think they are true to size.
