inov-8 Roclite™  295
I bought these in a bind because I needed a pair of shoes to hike around Big Sur that could withstand the mud and/or dusty terrain. These fit snugly straight out of the box and were a dream on the trails. While my hiking partners whined about their discomfort, I glided through the trail without any problems and no pain at all. These gripped the rocky, uneven terrain very confidently and I had no fears that I would slip at any moment. I wear a 7½ women's and I ordered the equivalent in this brand (UK 5) though I feel I could have gone half a size smaller as I have narrow feet.
Fits great, comfortable, love it! Order up half a size.
Perfect shoe for the 20-30 minute trail run. Tip: invo-8 runs small; order one size larger than normal.
(I crossed posted this on a backpacking forum)

Wore these out for the first time on a weekend camping trip. We didn't a long hike or anything but I did go up and down a steep hill to unload gear. They are incredibly lightweight; you don't really realize how heavy shoes are until you put these on. They have great ventilation with a minimalist upper, while having great toebox and sole protection. The rubber is grippy and solid but with a little bit of give so there's less impact on your joints. At the ~$100 I paid, I can't recommend them enough. If you can get them less, it's a no brainer.

Make sure you pay attention to sizing. I sized up from my normal Men's US9 to a 9.5 and I am glad I did. The extra half size gave my toes room to wiggle and it allows me to wear thicker wool socks.
Got these shoes for trail runs and day hiking, they are lightweight and rugged. Love these! I have narrow feet and appreciate the fit on these, also like the fact that they come in a half size. I like the color, for hiking/trails it doesn't show the dirt as much as the lighter colors. I was so tired of my clunky hiking shoes that seemed to feel like bricks by the end of my longer hikes. Very pleased with this purchase, and will definitely own a few more pairs of Inov8 shoes.
Got these shoes for trail runs and day hiking, they are lightweight and rugged. Love these! I have narrow feet and appreciate the fit on these, also like the fact that they come in a half size. I like the color, for hiking/trails it doesn't show the dirt as much as the lighter colors. I was so tired of my clunky hiking shoes that seemed to feel like bricks by the end of my longer hikes. Very pleased with this purchase, and will definitely own a few more pairs of Inov8 shoes.
Am actually a size 11N but ordered a size 12 because I like to wear thick Smart Wool socks.  Have worn several times and each time I wish I had purchased sooner.  Light and comfortable and plenty of room in the toes, lace up so width is just fine.
