Nike Eclipse NM
I bought these shoes because I needed something with a little less tread for Zumba class, and I didn't want to buy those weird dancer sneakers. These are excellent for the purpose. The sole is a little narrow, so if you have wide feet, don't get these. Also, go a half size up. You'll be glad you did.
I want to get this shoe again-same size, same color.  This particular pair and a curve up at the toe end feel which scrunched my toes weird.  Hope next pair is more flat.
Love these shoes! They are very cute and comfy and aren't bulky like some Nike's can be. I would recommend getting them for everyday wear and casual wear, not exactly for running since there isn't as much shock absorption as you're probably going to want for running. Overall very cute and definitely lives up to my expectations. Also true to size. 10's usually run small on me in Nike's, so I ordered an 11 and it fit great, although most times an 11 is too wide, but not with this shoe.
Love the look and feel, for the most part, of these. It's a breathable shoe with lots of toe room...so it's narrow in the footbed but still good for wider feet like mine. I had to put in my own arch supports...not quite enough padding for me, but now that I did they are very comfortable for working long shifts. I always wear a 9.5 in Nike and these fit true to size, even with my added insoles. Super cute shoes!
I got them in gray, and they're super cute. I bought them to walk home from work every day, about 2 miles. They're a little less comfortable than real running shoes but much cuter! Overall I'm very happy with them. And like all Nike shoes, I wear about a 1/2 size up from other brands (10 instead of 9 or 9 1/2).

Despite the reviews saying to order a half size up, I ordered my normal size 8 in Nike for running shoes (although based on style I do not plan to run in them, just for looks). The toe break at the ball of the foot was in the wrong spot. Went down a size to 7 1/2 and they fit just like the are supposed to. Much happier! Thank goodness for free shipping to try them and adjust as needed for fit!
These shoes are very comfy and lightweight.  The fit seems true to size and they are great for running around in!
These are super comfortable, light-weight, stylish shoes great for just kicking around town. I wouldn’t plan to use them for working out, merely for walking. I usually wear a 6 1/2, but I ordered a 7. I find that I tend to wear a 1/2 size larger in Nike shoes.
I bought two pairs of these shoes and I absolutely love them! I personally think these shoes run true to size (I have average sized feet). I think that the thickness of the socks you wear with these shoes make the difference. The shoes are very light and comfortable. They aren't very durable and aren't the type of shoes I would recommend to someone who is thinking about doing a heavy amount of physical activity while wearing these.
Very cute and comfortable shoes. I was hoping to take these with me on a trip that I would be walking most of the week. Seems to have quite a bit of cushion and support for such a low profile, but these ran 1/2 size too small for me. I normally wear a 9 in sneakers, but I need a 9 1/2.
