inov-8 FlyRoc™ 310
Just back from my first trip in these and they are great! Light, comfortable and promise to be long-lasting. No breaking in, no blisters. Good traction on slippery hard packed dirt, good toe protection. Only thing, they run very small, I had to go a full size up from my usual.
One of the best shoes I've ever put on my feet. I took the suggestion of a previous reviewer and ordered an extra size larger than I normally use. Can't go wrong with this.
So far I absolutely love these shoes. For road running I use Newtons so have become very use to a minimal shoe and midfoot strike, so wanted a light, low profile shoe for training running but needed good support and traction for snowy, icy, muddy unstable conditions. The Inov-8's have delivered. Very comfortable, light and a good size toe box that I like. Great shoe for the $$

They are light, they do flex, they actually fit me okay, and the tread was great as long as the trail isn’t muddy. I like low volume shoes which is why I tried these Inov8s, but they have zero cushion. When I run, my toes go numb from the pounding unless I’m on very soft terrain. Order a size larger.
FlyRoc 310 - 
Fit is not ideal - one size feels slightly too tight yet next 1/2 size up feels way too big. The upper comes up very high around the ankle area which takes a bit of getting use to. The shoe is also very narrow around the toe area but wide at the heel, which means my feet slide forward unless I lace them very tightly. They feel very hard (lacking cushioning) on hard packed trails and are not good for running over stony trails (you can feel the rocks underneath). Good points include light weight construction (although stitching started to fray after only a few wears) and low cut upper around the heel (protects the Achilles from bruising on down hills). 
A well-made running shoe - 
This is a narrow shoe with good ankle support and excellent grip. The lacing is tight but comfortable. The shoe is very light and very attractive as well. I ordered half a size larger to accommodate a Morton's toe. I wear them to the gym, on trails and to do shopping.

