Diadora Maracana TF W
New favorite soccer shoe. I've got a narrow foot, and this shoe is one of the few that fit. I ordered an 11, 1/2 size up from my normal 10.5. It's a little wide, but it'll be fine with a second pair of socks. Leather is soft and pliable. Great on the hard ground, dry grass which is the norm where I live.
Great boots, but worth mentioning I suppose that they do not fit the same as the Maracana firm ground cleats - they are wider. In fact, I'm not convinced that they are really built on a women's last. When we took the insole out to put in an orthotic, the mens size was printed below. I have both, one for grass and these for turf and they are definitely wider. That said, the touch is great and i'm able to tighten the laces enough not to feel the extra width in a way that effects my coordination.
I was looking for a turf shoe made for a woman, and this is it. Based on other reviews I ordered a half-size larger, and did not have to break them in at all. Feel great, no blisters or other issues. I play on outdoor turf fields weekly and these fit right in. Would recommend. Have not tried on grass.
Exactly what everyone said - much to my relief! Another major shoe site did have these on sale, but not in the correct size for me. I researched tons of women's soccer shoes online (I hate going shopping for real). I like buying turf shoes so I can use them indoor and outdoor (when it's fairly dry or in summer). These will be perfect! They are comfy, they seem much more flexible and higher quality than some that I looked at. This shoe definitely runs small; I would say more than a half size small, almost 3/4 size small. For example, I usually wear 9.5 or 10, depending on the brand. I am definitely a 10.5 in this shoe, and it is not too long at all for my toes; just right. It feels slightly loose around the back of my heel - I might get some inserts. Maybe I'm just more narrow there than average? Overall fits great. I've been wearing it around the house all afternoon and will play tonight in them.
I ordered this shoe a half-size bigger than usual, based on the other comments, and that was the correct size. This shoe is light and comfortable; I like it.
Women's turf shoes are pretty hard to find, so I thought I'd try these based on other reviews. The fit and sizing were what I expected, they run a little small, so size up 1/2 size. They were a bit stiff the first couple of times I wore them, but they have softened up. Overall, nice shoes for soccer on our rather hard, short grass playing surfaces.

