Bloch Evolution Dance Sneaker
I ordered several styles in the Bloch dance/studio shoe, looking for something that would slide easily for Zumba. The feedback was a bit confusing, but from my viewpoint, you indeed need to order a half to whole size bigger on these. I have very narrow feet and ordered a half size up and they fit fine. These glide better than the other styles and with my higher arch, I feel more support in them too. If you have a normal to wide foot, you might go up a whole size is my suggestion.
Love these shoes! They wrap around my feet beautifully. Made out of breathable canvas and split heels for greater mobility, turning, point and flex motions. Very light. When you order, go half a size up. I followed everybody else's advice and ordered 1 and 1.5 sizes up; they were too big.
This is a nice dance shoes.  I love bloch, most of their shoes are great no matter what.  You must go up a size from your everyday shoe.  
I bought this shoe for Jazzercise and I don't think it is right for this kind of activity. It was much different than any other shoe I've bought for high impact dance aerobics. It can bend in half but oddly enough, has good arch support all at the same time . I really think it is more of a dance shoe and we do so much more than dance at jazzercise. It is a nice looking shoe and does hug your foot really nicely. I could just see it wearing out fast. I ordered a half of a size larger and it seemed correct (9 to 9.5 for me).
Perfect for Jazzercise! Great arch support. Buy one size larger than your normal shoe size.
I use these shoes for line dancing and Zumba and found them to be very comfortable. They took a little getting used to - I had to find the sweet spot for pivoting etc. After a few times wearing them I was very happy. Runs small: I got an full size larger that street shoe.

I go to Dance Trance several times a week, it is my main cardio workout. Dance Trance is like a jacked up Zumba, encompassing all genres of music and incorporating all styles of dance. My regular cross trainers were light and flexible for this class (on wooden floors), but moves such as pirouettes and grapevines were difficult to do because of the traction of the soles. I first purchased another brand's dance shoe (Nike Musique), and was not thrilled with them so I am sending them back. They are bulky and do not seem to provide enough support. I read all of the reviews for these shoes and decided to give them a shot. I could not be more pleased! I just got back from my first class wearing them and I am hooked. It did take a little getting used to the lack of traction, but practice will help that, and I think it will actually help my legs muscles control my movements better. Pirouettes and similar moves were very easy and I felt like I was gliding. The shoes fit beautifully. I wear a size 8 and ordered a size 9 per the other reviews and they are perfect. They are very comfortable, provide excellent arch support. It almost feels like I am wearing ballet flats with arch support. I highly recommend these shoes.
This is a more comfortable shoe than the Bloch DRT Boost Mesh Sneaker. Tried these for Zumba, but I'm not sure that the split sole is really good for high arches and knee pain, as it doesn't provide necessary support. Will be trying Ryka, Asics, Earth, and Orthofeet. I wear a street shoe size 10, and this in an 11 fits fine. If you don't have serious foot or knee pain, then definitely try these shoes!
Love them! After becoming a Zumba fanatic, I wanted the best dance shoes and these are them! As others have said, yes, the size does run small. I didn't believe them at first, thinking all women would like to pretend their feet are smaller than they really are, but nope, they were telling the truth. You will need to go 1/2 to full size up. I usually wear a 7 and got the 7 1/2. It still is a tad snug, so if you want room, you should go a full size. They are light and turning is a breeze on the floor. Plus they look cool!
I was having trouble with twists and turns for Zumba. These have a sole that grips when I need but allows the turny-ness dance exercise needs (my running shoes grip way too much and very unidirectionally). These run small though and I would suggest a whole size larger.
These shoes are definitely not for anyone with a wide foot.  I read many of the reviews and went up a 1/2 size as advised by most of the reviews.  The length was fine but the width was too narrow for my feet...too bad because I think I would have liked them if they were just a little wider.
Very comfortable, but runs very small. I ordered a half size larger and need to exchange them for another half size up. Hope they will fit.
I received my Bloch dance sneakers and love the way they feel on my feet for Zumba. No more knee and ankle pain for those the regular crosstrainers I was wearing. I suggest as others have...go 1 1/2 sizes larger.
I tried on lots of dance sneakers, and this was the most comfortable. It runs small though. I wear a size 7 or 7 1/2 street shoe,  an 8 or 8 1/2 running shoe, and a 9 in this.
