Vivobarefoot Breatho Trail 
First off, these run a full size small. I am a size 13 for most shoes, a size 46 in Five Fingers and a 47 in the Breatho Trail. Amazon even lists the 47 Breatho as a size 13. These are great in between shoes for me, nothing is like a Five Finger for fit, feel, and function, but I cannot wear them to work. These are now my go-to shoes for work, travel, and every day.
I ordered the 12 based on other reviews that said this runs large, but guess what, they had to go back and I got my correct size, an 11, which fits just right with or without a sock. These are my first minimalist shoes and it's been an interesting experience having put about 100 miles on them now. Lots of painful adjustment below the knee, especially the soles of the feet of course. Now finally getting to the point where everything feels good, my feet are noticeably more solid and stronger than they ever have been, and my hips and knees are complaining a lot less after a run. I did basically my normal heel-strike gait at first, but the more I get used to these and the stronger the calves get, the less time my heel spends on the ground. I have to agree, it maybe a little slower, but running this way is way more fun and seems better for the body as a whole. I have no plans to go back to padded support shoes. About the shoes - minor problems with the sole insert slipping after a few miles, it will bunch up in the toe. And the treads could be stickier - they are okay for packed dirt or dry rock, but when things are damp (as usual here in NH) there can be slippage. Many of the cleats have torn off, though it doesn't seem to make much difference in terms of traction yet. Other than that, they are well designed and doing the minimal job they need to do.
This is my 3rd pair of Vivobarefoot shoes, to include the Aqua Lite and the Ultra M, all in size 42. I have unusually wide feet (size 8eeeeee)and the Vivo's have been the only shoes that fit comfortably. Unfortunately, the Breatho Trail is made 1/2 inch longer than the other models. This isn't an issue if you have normally proportioned feet.
Great shoes--lightweight (enough), nice flexy flat barefoot feel, and airy. But, like the Neo Trails, they run at least a size small (despite what their on-line sizing chart says). In Merrrels, Keens, etc, I wear a 13--and it's loose and comfy. In VivoBarefoots, I wear a 47, which they call a 14. And they're snug! Also, I should note: these shoes are less rugged the Neo Trails, w/one line of stitching throughout, vs two.
Fabulous shoes, nice and wide and flexy -- I've run 20 miles or so in mine and they seem to ready for 500 more. But beware: they run at least a full size small -- despite what their online sizing chart says. I wear a 13 in all other shoes, Merrells, Keens, New Balance, Adidas, etc, and those are always roomy on my feet (so I'm probably more like a size 12.5) but these Vivo Breathos, and another pair of Vivo Neo Trails, required I wear a 47, which they call a 14, to fit perfectly. So maybe they run a size and a half small! Anyway, buy up a size at least.
I'm a big fan of Vivobarefoot shoes, and the Breatho Trail was my fourth pair. I'm a bit ambivalent about them. I used them twice, and then the red V on the bottom of the shoe started coming off my left shoe. Basically, Vivobarefoot likes to put a red V on the bottom of their shoes, but for the Breatho Trail, the red isn't just painted on the sole. It's made with a separate, glued-on V-shaped treads. So the glue failed and the V started coming off. I've returned my pair.
Also, I found that the webbing system they use to secure the laces/shoe to your foot digs into the sides of my foot when I move laterally. I got used to it after a bit, but it was kind of painful at first.
If you do want to get the shoe, though, keep in mind that these run a bit bigger than other Vivobarefoots. I own the Dharma, Evo II, and Aquas in 46, but I had to return and get 45's for the Breatho Trails. Keep in mind, though, that the Breatho Trails are probably actually "true to size," while the other pairs I have are larger.

