Five Ten Warhawk
Having to admit my 5.10 Freerunners had reached the end of their lifespan was eased by the purchase of this all round bouldering/parkouring/climbing approach shoe. Like the Freerunner, these run half size small and to wear them the day after delivery meant stuffing balled socks into the toes overnight. In time (6 months), the handcrafted construction should mold to your foot like a custom shoe, which is how I came to love the Freerunners. After 1 wear, I didn't want to take them off to walk dogs, but they just have too little cushion for that kind of demand. And if there's more than a mile hiking before a scramble, I'll pack these as there is too little arch/cushion, although more than typical approach shoes. These make a solid, supportive weight lifting shoe after which the Stealth sole sticks it to the rotating climbing wall, so well, my hands tired before my legs. Your feet will feel safe no matter what you encounter with well placed protection and even reflective strips. I plan to pedal the hybrid and could pull off a jeans/t-shirt pairing post climb cordials. In this category of shoe, nothing comes close to what 5.10 offers: sticky MI6 rubber and durable construction in a concise, well designed package. Tom Cruise chose them as his climber for his last MI flick, so there ya go.
Love this shoe for setting routes, I don't usually have to put my climbing shoes. Definitely run small by about a half size but I actually like that for setting purposes, but if you're trying to hike and climb in them go a half size up. They're really sticky and have a nice hard edge so they dig into small holds pretty well. Can even heel hook in them!
To start off, I've owned these shoes for 4 months now. The first challenge, was finding the right size for me, which turned out to be a size larger than any other shoes I've bought before. After that it was the comfort-ability issues, thankfully after about a month, the shoes have become the most comfortable I've ever owned. My issue really comes down to durability, and for what I use the shoes for (on a scale of 1 to 10 on the stress I put on the shoes I'd put it at about a 4), the rubber on the bottom of the shoes have formed 2 holes now. Sorry, but for the price and reputation, even with stealth paint being offered at an additional cost, I expected more.
I wear a size 11 5.10 climbing shoe and typically wear size 12 running shoes. I got these in size 11.5, they are a little snug and not the best for long approaches but they climb like mad and are super sticky and really light. Not perfect for everything but if you can have more than one pair of approach shoes these can be useful.
