Emerica Laced by Leo
These are very nice looking shoes. I would say they feel about a half size or little less than marked, not enough to go down half a size but it is somewhat noticeable. They have a completely flat innersole, which while being very comfy provides no real support. As everyday shoes they are very nice, but I don't plan on skateboarding in them. There is no way I could wear these without laces, though, even with the bit of elastic in the tongue to hold them down. They provided no pressure to actually stay on. Luckily I prefer them much better with the laces, and I had planned on using them anyways. If you are looking for a slip-on, though, I would look elsewhere to shoes designed purely as one. While a very nice looking shoe, they lose a few points due to the fact they can't be worn as a slip-on as advertised. I would still recommend these as an everyday kick around pair of shoes, comfortable enough for a quick bike ride or walking, but not for skateboarding due to the support issues (there really is none, even laced up.) Don't buy these to skate or to wear as slip-ons. Buy them if you want a super stylish pair of sneakers.
Loved the styling and felt fine for the first few hours, but it soon became obvious the back was rubbing my foot raw. Tried thicker socks to no avail. Try going up a size if you're going to buy.
These shoes are great! Very comfortable, with a soft inside. I only wish they came in bigger sizes (15 to 17) and more colors. Five stars!
Emerica Laced - They're very comfortable shoes and give a lot of feeling and response while skating, but they seem to wear out quickly (I've only had them for a couple of days and they're wearing a little). They also feel half a size or maybe even a full size bigger than marked, and I'm just hoping they don't stretch out more. I agree, definitely wear socks because they'll hurt without, but overall, I really like these shoes; they look great and are great for skating.
Emerica Laced!

These are my favorite shoes I've ever had! They're extremely light and comfortable, and the design on the insole doesn't fade after wearing them! The only problem is that they felt a bit larger than other shoes the same size.
This shoe is so awesome. I'm really use to wearing the Vans Authentic, and these are the closest to those I have ever had. I love these shoes. They feel true to size and width. Some of the other reviews on this shoe I read said that you can’t wear them with socks. That's not completely true. The black and white ones anyway feel great without socks. I would recommend this shoe to anyone that wants to try them. The only thing I don't like is that the tongue is held down; I like my tongues to be able to stand out more and sit on top of my pants.
I'm a size 7.5 and waited for over a month for my size to come back in stock. I just received them-- love the look and the feel, but they're too big! The heel feels great but the toe box is just too long. I will definitely get them when the 7s restock. Though they look very similar to the Harness, Cavalry are much more comfortable and less loose in the heel. 
