Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Seasonal Slip Ox
I found them narrower than your average Chuck Taylor. And they weren't easy to slip on. I would suggest ordering a size up. Also, they seemed...flimsy. They weren't as solid as a regular Converse sneaker. I would stick with the regular high/low top if I were you.
I got these shoes in a size 7 in mens and 9 in womens and they came a little small but they feel perfect. They are easier if you go a size bigger because you would want them to slip on, not try putting your feet in them and partly break your finger.
I would ignore the reviews that say to order a size down.  I am usually between two sizes and ordered the smaller one, and I couldn't get them on my feet.
These are great casual shoes for almost any occasion.  Jeans or with shorts.  They are quick to get dirty, but the price is right and they get a lot of use.  Worth every penny.  Fit true to size and very easy to slip on and off.
These shoes are the ultimate punctuation to a geek chic or shabby chic look. I have the black ones to that don't look so black they're more of a faded black. The charcoal is pretty true to the photo. I normally wear a size 14 but the 13 in these Chucks are just fine.
I already have "Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Slip" sku #7171208 and ordered this one in the same size. I measured this pair against the ones I already have and found that although they are marked as the same size, this one ("All Star Seasonal Slip Ox") is noticeably narrower and about a half a size shorter.
I like the style that's why I bought it but its feels 1/2 size to small and narrow. It would have been more comfortable if it's slightly wider and that would also give some room to place an insole for more arch support.
These Converse slip-ons are great. Fit true to size and are extremely comfortable. They look really good with dark jeans for a slightly dressed up but casual look. If you want very casual, go with the white toe version.
Had my eye on the standard Chuck Taylor All Star Slips for a while and then in the end decided to go with the Seasonal Slip Ox based on others reviews. Definitely a good choice for me as the profile is slimmer and a bit more feminine. They're cute with shorts and also with jeans. I definitely can't wear them for walking all day due to the lack of support, but these are Chucks and that's what I expected. Maybe an insole would help. I am a true 8 (woman's) with narrow feet, but find all Converse to run about 1/2 size big. I ordered 5.5 men's/7.5women's and the fit is perfect for me without socks and also with thin socks.
