Salomon Speedcross 3
I've had these for about a month now. I mostly run the trails along the Wasatch Front (BST, Millcreek Canyon, etc.) and Speedcross 3 has become my go-to trail shoe. With a lot of sharp rock and slippery dirt, these shoes protect well and each step plants solid even on those bomb-it-downhill finishes (e.g. Rattlesnake Gulch). I also wore them on a few early season, snowy ultra-light day summits (e.g. Deseret Peak) and found them surprisingly comfortable even when wet. I have size 13 yet narrow feet and I'd prefer if they'd fit a tiny bit tighter, but overall another excellent trail shoe from Salomon.
To the point. Pros: Great looking shoe. Superb cushioning (I am rather a thick boned dude), great grip on rocky and sandy trails (haven't tried mud...yet), lightweight. And, again...great looks! Cons: lacks stability, particularly on the toe box area. Wore them today for the first time and almost twisted my left ankle twice when stepping on medium sized rocks. It's their first ride and the left shoe front end is already debonding from the shoe! (I wish I could upload a picture.) Let's see how long they'll last. Not sturdy enough for my taste.
They run a 1/2 size smaller. Great shoe to wear and they look great! Love them!
These are fantastic shoes. They are light and comfortable with an aggressive sole that clears the dirt with ease. One word of caution for the wider foot runner: the forefoot is a little narrow which crowds the toes. I currently train in a size US8 Salomon Xr CrossMax 1 which are wider in the forefoot and fit me like a glove. I will have to increase the shoe size to US8½ to accommodate the narrower fit of these shoes.
Unbelievably comfortable! I have to admit, it was not my 1st choice because I got used to mainstream brands; however, once I tried these on I was hooked! These are truly the most comfortable shoes I have owned. Fit true to size and are also very light. Now I am busy collecting them in other colors. Definitely worth a try!
I have never been so happy with a trail running shoe in my life. Very light, and great traction on difficult trails. So much so that my performance has markedly improved. I have a high arch and foot problems. This shoe has great cushion and supports my foot the way it should. I have tried to find this same shoe so I could buy another to keep on hand, but my size is not available! I'm not sure about the durability yet, as I haven't had them very long. It seems as if the lugs on the bottom are quite soft and may wear out quickly, but in the meantime they are great. Not sure I would wear these on any type of paved road to help keep them from wearing to quickly. Salomon has never disappointed me, but these are the best they've put out for me so far - Love them.
I purchased the size 8 in green and love them!  I'm hiking from Aspen to Crested Butte with a group of women and needed a good pair of hiking shoes.  These feel very comfortable, lightweight, and supportive.  I didn't want to purchase boots or typical hiking shoes that are not so cute.  These are stylish and I love the colors.  Very fresh and bright.  The size seems true to me... I always wear a size 8 and these are perfect with just the right amount of toe room for downhill hiking/trail running.  Lacing system is nice and they have great traction.  I've been wearing them around the house and on errands to break them in a little but they don't need it.  I feel certain these will work out great on my upcoming group hike.  Great buy.
Great looking shoe. Runs a whole size too big. I wear a true 5 and this shoe swam on me. I am betting it would be a great running shoe and would be comfortable if it fit! They don't make them smaller...too bad!
These are hands down the best pair of running shoes that I have ever purchased. This is my third pair of this brand to be exact. The quality cannot even come close with other brands. The design is sleek and there is no need to buy insoles as they are quality and so very comfortable. I love these shoes and will continue to buy them in the future. These run true to size.
I have several pairs of Solomon sneakers.  All run about one size larger than I'd usually buy.  I really appreciate the lightness of this shoe.  The color (purple) is really sharp and I've gotten numerous compliments.  I am an avid road runner, but I would not wear these sneakers running because they are too rugged for the street.
Wow, this is a amazing shoe. I am a size 9 but found this shoe to run a little bit large so I returned them for an 8 1/2 and they fit like a glove. I was concerned that this shoe was going to be to aggressive for me since I just started trail running but I am so happy with them. I ran over large, small & everything in between gravel, dirt, leaves, mud, rock and these shoes kept my foot very stable. They also did not have any hot spots or pressure points nor did the laces loosen or move like some of my other specific training shoes I own. If only all my others felt as good as these, I would be in heaven. If your looking for this shoe to specifically trail run I highly recommend.
I love the shoes. I have trail ran in the West Coast’s dry sandy conditions as well as the Northeast’s wet, muddy, rooty conditions and the grip is great. I also wear them around town and they are light and comfortable but the tread is a bit aggressive. I wear size 8 and my road running shoes are size 9. I ordered 8.5 and it's a good fit.

Wow, these are amazing! I have narrow feet and dread looking for shoes. I have been reading reviews for hiking shoes online for weeks trying to find a good fit for me. I also wanted an attractive shoe that I felt pretty in since I would be wearing it around for causal wear on my vacation. I decided to try these after reading such good reviews. They are the most comfortable running shoe I have ever worn! The tread is also very very good. The quick laces took some getting used to but I think I will really like them. I might treat myself to the blue or green pair next. I plan on wearing them on a trip to Alaska and using them for my trail runs. A fabulous find! I purchased a 9 and usually wear a 9.5 in running shoes. Dress shoe size 8.
