Nike Downshifter 4
Great shoe.  Had to get a size bigger. Nike's
run a size smaller for my feet.
Bought these for my 14 year-old nephew. He loves them! He is usually a size 9 but since Nikes tend to run a little small I got him a 9-1/2. They fit him perfectly.
This is a great running shoe with just the right amount of cushioning for the average runner. I wear a size 7, and these are true to size. The color is fun without being too crazy, and the price was quite reasonable for this type of quality product.
I own 50 pair of "gym shoes." I know, I know, that's a bit over the top. That said, I'd rate these shoes closer to the top of my shoe pile than not -- for daily wear. I wouldn't wear them for running -- I'd stick to the higher priced models for that -- but I find these shoes perfect for day-to-day adventures (like going to work). They are very comfy, look good, seem sturdy enough. In my opinion, Nikes tend to run small, so I always order 1/2 size up (I got a 10 instead of my usual 9.5). I like my shoes a wee bit bigger, anyways. I have no time for cramped toes or uncomfortable shoes!
Love these shoes! They run about 1/2 size smaller. Great price, may order another!
I like these sneakers a lot. They are true to size, low enough to the ground, have excellent support, look really good and are supremely comfortable. I have them in three colors and I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a good looking sneaker that is not the new high platform kind and one that has excellent arch and back support.
I love these shoes...and I got them fast. Good price. You don't need to order them bigger than your normal size.
These are very comfortable straight out of the box. I usually wear a size 10W, but these were all right for me. I bought the violet color. They are gorgeous! I am thinking of purchasing another pair.
Beautiful! Just as pictured and arrived really fast! I ordered them two days ago and they are already here! Haven't worn the shoes in but they have sturdy soles and are true to size! I also love the design!
I read other reviews that said these were a bit tight and to order 1½ sizes larger. I did and I probably could have stayed with my original size.
I usually wear a size 7, but that size was out of stock, so I took a chance and ordered a 7.5 hoping it wouldn't be too big. I'm so glad I did! The 7.5 fits great! (The 7 would have been too tight I'm sure.) The sneaker runs a bit narrow, so keep that in mind when choosing your size. Overall, it's a great, comfortable sneaker! I'm glad I purchased it!
