ASICS GEL-Foundation® 10
Size 16EE are hard to find, and more importantly hard to find that are true to size in width.  Asics is my teenage sons favorite because of style and fit.
I have very flat feet and overpronate significantly.  I find these shoes to be extremely supportive and very comfortable.  The fit is very true to size. I'm so happy with them that I've considered buying a second pair just for the gym.
This shoe has good arch support and is comfortable. I purchased a wide width and it feels true to size. The toe box has ample room.  I wish there had been other colors to choose from. The pink on this is very fuschia. The sides of the soles have imperfections, black and gray flecks instead of a nice clean white edge. A lot like you find on the running shoes at Kohls. For the price it would have been nice to have a more pristine shoe. But I needed them and wide widths are hard to find in stores so I settled. Comfort was more important than style to me. 
These are the most comfortable shoes. I wear a D width and these are true to size. I love Asics shoes. I walk on concrete floor all day and I have no problem with my feet hurting.
Great for walking...not so much around the house. I love this shoe for my long walks around the neighborhood and the local greenway. One thing to know is that this shoe is quite wide at the toe box; in fact it is so wide that i have caught it on the edge of our steps more than once and just about tripped and fell down the stairs. I take them off and leave them on the main level after our walk to solve my clumsy issues with these great shoes. Gave them a 3 for style due to oversized exterior.
This shoe is a step down in support in an attempt to have a slightly more attractive footwear. I bought this shoe to wear daily and try to replace my New Balance 817s (super ugly). I need extra support because of a bum hip. It seems to be going well as upon receiving this shoe I had to stand on concrete for two days solid and only felt twinges in my hip instead of stabs. I use my own insoles from my chiro and they fit well. I bought a half size too large and they are a little big, but it's kinda nice. 
Bought this shoe to wear as I come out of 6 weeks non-weight bearing and 3 weeks walking boot after surgery for tendon reconstruction. Love the shoes! Very supportive, very comfortable. Pretty & feminine, instead of the orthopedic feel and look a lot of shoes for over-pronators have. I'm totally satisfied and may buy a second pair! True to size, too.
Wide foot bed, great arch, cushioned sole. Fit true to size. I'm not a runner but purchased for all around walking soon. Very nice shoe.
Excellent support. I over-pronate and I need a good shoe for walking. I walk over a mile each day and if I don't have the right support my shins hurt. I usually buy New Balance but decided to try these. They fit like a glove. NB has a roomier toe box but this one wasn't too small. I wear a 11WW in shoes but a 12W in sneakers. They were true to size. Also, they are really cute and since the toe box isn't as wide as NB it doesn't make my feet look even bigger.
