Brooks Ravenna 3
These shoes run very small. I had to order a half size larger than what I normally wear.
One of the reviewers said that this shoe ran large so I ordered the smaller of the two sizes (5 and 5.5) that I vary between. I believe they are more true to size than smaller. The arch support was amazing. Couldn't believe the delivery!   
BEST RUNNING SHOE EVER! Love them so much I had to write this review. I have purchased four different brands of running shoe in the past year. Every one one slipped in the heel and no matter how I tried to adjust them, I couldn't make them work. Did some research and discovered Brooks & the Ravenna 3. I'm a moderate pronator and my feet, knees and hips would hurt after a run because of pressure points and improper fit. Ravenna 3 fits like a dream, has excellent support without being stiff, and I literally feel like I'm running on a cloud. NO pain, numbness or slipping in the heel. They were perfect right out of the box and true to size. I loved them so much I bought another pair just to be safe! ;-) You can NOT go wrong with this shoe. Worth every penny! P.S. I made my boyfriend check out Brooks because he has issues with his achilles. He decided on the Brooks PureGrit and wears them every day now - no more pain!
I read multiple times in the reviews that this shoe ran large. I did not find that to be the case. It was true to size for me. Not as good of arch support as I would have hoped for but great cushioning. 
I love these shoes! I was running in a pair of Asics (Gel-Frantic 5) while training for a spring half marathon, and I ended up with some black toenails and a lot of blisters. I'm not a serious runner (about 12 miles/wk), and I need to lose some pounds so I needed a shoe with a lot of support. These Brooks saved the day! It's like running on little pillows - tons of support, no blisters or black toes, and they're lightweight so I feel I can run faster and farther in them. I also have large feet (size 12), and I think the design is flattering and doesn't make me feel like I'm wearing clown shoes.
I have the Ravenna 2 and was excited to get into the 3. My R2 were an 8 and I knew I needed to go up half a size so my toes would not get bruised again running. I am in Asics Kayano 17 right now in size 8½. I am terribly disappointed that the R3 were tighter than my R2 I loved the R2, just needed that bigger size. I regrettably will be returning these an have purchased the Asics Gel Nimbus instead.
Toe box was extremely small.  Am ordering a size up and hope this works. Was a bit hard to get laced correctly. Would be nice to have an all white shoe but...

I have been running consistently for about a year and a half and these are the first pair of running shoes I have owned that fit me perfectly.  I have tried numerous other brands and finally found my perfect running shoe in these.  I think they are true to size.  My heel does not slip like I read in the other comments. They are not super flashy but that is okay with me.  I own flashy shoes  that feel like boats.  I needed these to run in and they are perfect for that.   I am now buying them in another color so I can switch between them.
These shoes are amazing! I've gotten new ones every year for the past three years and they continue to perform. For a running shoe it's recommended to get a size higher than what you'd wear day-to-day. These shoes fit true to size!
I have this exact pair and color. It's my first pair of Brooks. I tell ya, I have been wearing the shoe until this one. My hip and back pain is now minimal. I now enjoy city hiking without the aftermath of pain I always experience (even if I stretch before a hours-long rigorous hike around the city). I plan to take up running again and purchase another pair. These shoes are by far the most comfortable, lightweight shoe I've purchased. I've never spent more than $40 on sneakers but the quality, fit, comfort of this shoe makes it well worth the investment in the long term for someone who loves to hike around and walk but can't due to hip bursitis and back problems (I'm only 35). Now I feel this shoe doesn't prohibit me from doing anything now! Final comment, for these particular shoe, I would go up a half size. I'm normally a 6.5 but wear a 7 in these and the fit is extraordinary. Just saying.
