La Sportiva Vertical K
This is a GREAT trail shoe for highly technical surfaces. I've been running some very steep trails in SW Colorado and the grip is fantastic. SIZE is always a bit off with La Sportiva. I wear an 11 street shoe, a 12 in New Balance or Merrill running shoes, but went with the 13 here (EU 47), and it's great. I wear a 45 in the Vibram Five Fingers, so maybe go a full size larger than your Five Finger size. I've tried the Quantum - not a fan. The C-Lite is also a great shoe, but I like this one better.
I've tried many of the trail shoes on the market, inclusive of the various minimalist types such as 5-fingers and the MT101. My go-to shoe is the Salomon but the V-K has quickly become my favorite. I regularly use this shoe on my 12 mile trail runs and expect to use it during a few fall ultras. Very light, very flexible, promotes mid-sole strike but there's cushion which I happen to like. I don't feel the sharp stones like I do with other minimalist shoes but I get the feeling of an incredibly lightweight shoe. They run small, and this is an understatement. Go up a full size. I wear an 11 Salomon and a 12 VK. I highly recommend this shoe for trail running. I gave it only 4 stars for style because, well, it is butt ugly.
Excellent trail shoes! I wore these for the entire Croom Fools 50 mile trail run a few weeks ago after running only a few runs totaling about 25 miles to break them in. I did not develop any blisters and my feet were actually still quite comfortable at the end of the race. The flap over the front of the shoes kept the sand and dirt out but still allowed my feet to breathe and not overheat. The treads on the bottom are definitely very sticky and I would not recommend these for runs on the road - stick to the trails, as they were intended and you won't be slipping very easily on rocks, even when wet. The shoes are very light although they still offer enough protection for all but the most extreme technical trail. I have no complaints about these shoes. They have a minimalist feel to them with a low heel to toe drop. If you're not used to this, it may be uncomfortable or take a little while to get used to. I am a forefoot striker and wear minimalist shoes as my road shoes, and these shoes feel great to me. They are not waterproof and there is no plate in the shoes, so if the trail is very, very rocky and wet, these are probably not the shoes for you, although they seem like they would dry quickly. Overall, these are the best trail shoes I have ever run in! I normally wear a size 12 or 12.5 road shoe, and the 12 here was way too small. The 12.5+ fit me well, so order at least a half size up.
