Merrell Siren Sport
I bought this for a trip to Australia. Wore them there all day long straight out of the box and they were very comfortable. The only problem was toward the end of the day, the pinkie side of my righ foot started aching. I imagine that has more to do with my foot than the shoe and it wasn't anything that'd prevent me wearing it. I got a size 9, which is my usual size for athletic shoes and they fit well. I was looking for a shoe that would work for my trip as well as other walking/hicking/gym activities and I think this shoes fits the bill. Doesn't look as chuncky as other hiking shoes, which I like. 
I liked these shoes, but they were too big - half size to one full size. I ordered wide, and they felt true to width though. I am not planning to re-order though because I need to put orthotics in my shoes because I have neuromas, and these were too low profile to comfortably accommodate my inserts.
Nice looking shoes, but it was too narrow and felt about 1/2 size small, so I had to return them. Usually Merrills fit my custom orthotics really well, but this shoe is too shallow to fit them. I do have a rather high instep so they might work for someone who doesn't.
I love these shoes! It's hard to find wide widths in stores. These fit true to size and didn't need a break-in period. Wore them for moderate hiking in the Rocky Mountains this summer. Very comfortable and I didn't get any blisters. I highly recommend this shoe!
These shoes are super comfortable and didn't require breaking in for me at all. I like the solid feeling under the heel and think that will really help with stability on rocky hikes. I ended up having to return these for a wide in the same size I normally wear due to a bit more snugness in the toe box than I'd like, so I would say they run just a tad narrow. I often have to order wides in pumps, so my foot is on the wide side, but I don't normally need wides in athletic shoes. That said, the wides fit perfectly, and I'm ready to hit the trails!
These are amazing and cute!  I have a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable and these were!  I wore them hiking for 5 days at Mt. Rainier, Glacier National Park, Craters of the Moon National Park, and Mt. Saint Helens. They were comfortable, no blisters, great arch support, and great stability.  I highly recommend them (and they are really cute even on my size 11 feet - they look smaller).  I researched hiking shoes thoroughly and settled on these because of all the positive comments.  I am so glad I bought them!
These are great. From reviews I thought I should order half size up - and that was a good idea. Really like them. Got the olive color and just love the color.
