Brooks PureFlow®
These shoes have a minimal feel, but have a lot of cushion. They are the best of both worlds. I am not a skinny guy and I was worried at first about how much cushion these shoes would actually have. After my first run in the PureFlow, I knew I had found the right shoe. I now own 5 pairs (one in each color, plus two in green). As long as Brooks continues to make this shoe, I will always run in them. I average about 25-30 miles a week. I usually take a size 9, but a 9 1/2 fits perfect. What's weird is that since I started running in these shoes, my constant nagging knee pain has gone. I am not complaining though.
When I set out to buy a new pair of running shoes I wanted one in the "minimalist" category, but I'm a big guy (6'0", 230lbs) and wanted something that struck a great balance between being minimalist but giving me some support in order to get used to the shoe without killing my feet and calves. I was a little skeptical by the positive reviews of this shoe but was amazed when I put them on. I didn't have to go up or down a size, they were right on the money and felt great on my feet. I'm not a heavy runner so it will take a while to test out the longevity of these shoes but from my experiences so far it's an incredible shoe and I highly recommend it.
Very comfortable shoes, ordered a half size larger than I normally do and fit is good with a bit of room in the toe box. It should be noted that if you are flat footed, the shoes will feel tight in the midsole. After my first few runs my midsole was sore until the shoes gave a little. Lastly, I do have concerns with durability. The bottoms of the shoes appear to have very little rubber and it doesn't look like it will take long before the foam cushioning will start to get worn. Those that tend to put serious miles on their shoes will want to pay attention to this. Otherwise, I'm very happy with the shoes.

I bought these to replace some Brooks Adreneline 9's. The new Adrenelines don't fit the same at all, so I bought these in 11.5, my usual running shoe size (I wear 11 in normal shoes). They fit, in the length, but they feel a little snug or small towards the front of the foot, almost like they're not tall enough of something. I have re-ordered in a 12 but I'm afraid that will be too long. They're super cute, though, and I want to love them!
Very flexible and light, but still with plenty o cushioning. I bought these in an attempt to transition out of minimalist shoes (Vibrams) and they seem to be a good fit for that purpose. After reading other reviews, I bought a half size larger than I normally wear, which turned out to be a good move.
Loved these shoes from the moment that I put them on. I really didn't even have to "break" them in. Comfortable and almost cushion like. Feels like you are gliding ;)
Bought a size up.
Would recommend to others.
Got these today. I loved them right out of the box. Tried them on (without socks) and fit like a glove. I can't wait to take them for their first run. I ordered a 1/2 size larger because I like my toes to have room to move around.
I have only put about 50-60 miles on these shoes, but I love them. I alternate daily between these and the Brooks pure Cadence. I like a light-mid stability and these are perfect. They're very lightweight which is nice for long runs. They encourage more of a misfit strike than my last pair of Nike Lunarglide's did. It took about 10 miles for me to get used to, but I find it much more comfortable. Initially the toe box felt a little tight, but all I had to do was change the lacing pattern to alleviate the pressure. They feel true to size as far as a running shoe (I've noticed that I order a half size up from what I wear in regular shoes).
Love these shoes. I usually where Brooks, but this was my first time trying out the Brooks PureFlow. I am a distance runner and run all the time. Very comfy and light. For running I got a 1/2 size bigger and almost could of gotten a whole size bigger.
I really wanted to like these shoes, as I love my Brooks Launch! However, the tongue lacks lace holders and slides. It's bothersome for me to have to re-adjust the tongue to keep it centered. Also, I got the makings of a blister on the back of my left foot after 30 minutes of wearing it around the house. I have a neutral gate with a normal arch, and my midfoot area feels achy unlike when I wear my Launch. For the price of these shoes, I'm not willing to overlook these cons. The size does run 1/2 a size small. I normally wear a size 6 in heels and sandals, and I ordered a 6.5 which fit perfectly. Now, for the pros: they are aesthetically pleasing. I love the white and purple colors, and I love the slightly rounded toe. It's a nice change from pointier runners. There's ample room in the toe box, and I liked the overall snugness.
I was looking for something lighter to alternate with my Ravenna 3's; this is a great running shoe. It took a few runs before I was sure I liked them, they are firmer to land on than the Ravenna's, which I like. After a few months of running with this shoe, I think I'll be doing all of my training with it. I recently wore it while running a half marathon and found it to be a great shoe for racing longer distances. I did not have to size up; the shoe fits perfectly out of the box. Love the cool colors!

