Saucony Progrid Guide 5
I had terrible shin splints when running...even after running for over 6 months. Instantly when I wore these, they are gone. I am really pleased with these. I did size up 1/2 size though.
Amazing running sneakers! At first I ordered a half size smaller because other folks said that they ran big, but I ended up needing my regular size. I love these shoes, they feel great when I'm running and they look a lot more stylish than most running shoes. They provide perfect support for flat feet. Very short break in time, just get up and go!
I have been running in this shoe for quite a while so already knew my size.  Was very pleased with variety of color choices for this particular style of shoe.  If you haven't run in this version of Guide just know that it has much less cushioning than of versions past.
Thus shoe is classic Saucony. What do I mean by that? Well, I'm a life-long Saucony customer. I've been a runner for nearly 30 yrs and Saucony had been part of my life for a little over 20 years. This shoe is definitely up to my (and Saucony's) standards. It's comfy, extremely light weight, and provides a lot of cushioning as well as support. I wear a size 7 in regular shoes (heels and sandals), but I wear a 7 in Saucony running shoes because I like really thick socks. And I have mentioned how great this season's color schemes are? The electric yellow of this running shoe is awesome. And the reflectors are perfect for late evening runs in New Orleans traffic areas. Do yourself a favor: order this shoe!
I purchased these shoes to replace my Progrid Guide 4s - which I absolutely love. I was hoping they would simply be the new model; however, they are completely different. The toe box feels wider than the 4 and the arch is far flatter. It seems to be a half size bigger than the Guide 4. If you are considering the Guide 5 because you loved the higher arch on the Guide 4, then I do not recommend you purchase this shoe. I wore them with custom orthotic inserts and the arches were still way too low. It is a decent looking shoe and is not uncomfortable but just isn't a true replacement for the Guide 4.
Best shoes ever! I have been running in Saucony for years and have used the Guide line for the past 3 years. These shoes are lighter and more cushioned than the Guide 4. The elastic shoelaces are definitely a plus, as are the fantastic new colors. I have a high arch and wear orthotics. They felt supportive yet not at all cumbersome. I usually wear a size 8, but ordered a 7.5 and they fit perfectly. I'm ordering more today!
I went to a local store and they didn't have my size but I knew I wanted this shoe. Rather than buy it in another color I ordered it from Zappis and it arrived quickly. I love it.
I love these shoes. I am not a runner but am a walker and these shoes perform exceptionally well for me. They are lightweight and very comfortable with some stability that I need. I continue to buy Saucony because of the comfort and fit. For walking shoes I do size up 1/2 size.
The shoe's fit very true to size. They are really light. It is the first running shoe I ever had that was a perfect fit from my first time of putting it on. I think I will order another pair.
I tried the wide size (EE) which is what I normally wear. These Sauconys are more narrow than other brands. I returned them because of being too narrow. 

Definitely a lite shoe, but I would go ahead and ignore everyone telling you to buy a half-size up. I'm sending back this 12.5 and getting my usual 12, but probably an entirely different shoe. 
Mesh is really soft and I doubt it would stand the test of much trail running without picking up a few stickers here and there.
Very comfortable inside and felt good walking around the room in them. As I'm sending them back right away, I didn't get a full run in to truly test them.
Overall, it's a nice shoe, but I'm not as impressed as I thought I'd be. Heading over to Brooks to see what they have to offer. 
Best shoe for underpronators ever. Buy a half size larger for running. Forefoot is so cushioned, the road feels like a soft track. Switched from Nike after 20 years and never looking back.

Great lightweight stability shoe.  The comfort and support are superb.  Reduced heel drop is a plus.  Too bad only one colorway comes in wide sizes.
Great looking shoe!  Works well with jeans.  Tired of the same old style shoe and decided to add some color.  Glad I did!  Comfortable right out of the box.  Fit true to size.
