Keds Champion-Canvas Slip-On
These sneakers are the only brand I can wear in a slip-on. I think they run a bit large and I order them in 8 1/2. My usual size is 9 or 9 1/2 depending on the type of shoe and the brand.
Nice looking shoe and was looking forward to wearing them as a 'go to' shoe. When I received them however, the were tight! This shoe appears to run at least 1/2 size small - maybe even a little narrow. I will be trying 1/2 size up and hope that fits. Quality looks fine, but can't rate too high since I couldn't even get the shoes on.
I get a pair of these every summer, and I love them. They look good with shorts or capris. Throw them in the washer with a little bleach, and they come out looking almost new. I have a wide foot, and even the W width is a little snug. Order at least a half size larger if you have trouble with your shoes feeling to tight.
Beware Keds fans, these are not the same product as they were in years past. Yes the style is the same, but the quality and workmanship are pitiful! They are completely different and the canvas is flimsy, the soles are different (flatter, straighter, thinner, and different texture), the width is 1/8 inch narrower, and the white band where the sole is attached to the canvas is uneven and sloppy. To sum it up they are nothing but cheap Chinese junk! For more years than I can count I always ordered size 8 1/2B and they always fit like a glove right out of the box. If you get these now expect them to pinch your feet and feel cheap. I'm returning them for a refund. Too bad, Keds, you lost a life-long customer. I'm moving to another brand.
Not the most exciting shoes, I realize, but I really like them. They're comfortable, easy to take on and off, and go with everything. No size or appearance complaints. Exactly as expected.
This is a great shoe for everyday wear and it will take me into the fall. It feels true to size, comfortable, and easy to slip into. I love this for busy days since sandals can be hard to keep on your feet when you are in a rush.
