adidas Originals adiSTAR™ Racer
With a longer foot, the sizing does not work.  The soles look as if they took the model size, maybe a men's 7, and just stretched it longer, but not at all wider.  They say the are a men's D in width, but it is not true.  I think at the shorter end of the range it may be fine, but at the longer end, they look like bananas.  With stripes.  Cute shoe, just not for larger feet.
Shoe fits narrow. I have wide feet and usually order 13 but only 14 would fit. Order next size up. I also don't really like the cream trip at the bottom of shoe against the gray shoe with red stripes, so they're going back.
Usually size 12 Adidas are perfect for me, but I could barely get my foot into size 12 of these. Size 13 was still too narrow but also a little too long. Disappointing.
Great shoe and very stylish yet casual.  I always buy my adidas shoes a half size smaller than what I usually wear bc I find them to run a little big, espicially the originals.  
Love the Adidas Adistar Racer. Super light weight, very comfortable and reasonably priced. I lived in Chuck Taylors and other flat canvas sneakers for years , but felt like it was time for me to start wearing something that's actually made for walking around. I have a three year old that loves to be carried and these help absorb the shock. I bought the Clear Grey/Light Scarlet in a man's 7.5 which in a woman's 8.5 and the color is very accurate and they are true to size. If you are a woman buying these shoes, just order the size you'd normally wear in man's, which should be two sizes down from the size you wear in woman's. I usually wear a 9 or 9.5 if I want to put in a more comfy insole. Hope this helped. :)
Streamlined look, old school flavor... I have worn size 12 Adidas through the years in many different models and these fit perfectly.
Great looking sneaker, but not true to size. My sneaker size is a 10 1/2, but I had to reorder a 11 1/2.
Love the way the shoe looked, kind of having a time liking the way it feels. I am ordering a half size larger to see if it's the width that bugs me or size that bugs me.
