Nike T-Lite VIII Leather
Purchased for my boyfriend when he needed to upsize. He reports they fit well, are comfortable and they look good at a great price and we didn't have to go to the mall! Always a bonus.
When you first wear these shoes they seem somewhat stiff and the insoles are very firm. But after wearing them for a while you can feel them become more flexible and cushy. They are very light weight but surprisingly comfortable, and provide very good support for your feet. They do not cause your feet to get hot like many leather sneakers do and by the end of the day my feet still feel fresh and energetic, even after a lot of walking. It is a good idea to try a few pairs on before buying because they run a bit small, and I bought half a size larger than I normally wear for a great fit. They are not overly bulky looking and go great with jeans. I tried on Adidas, Reebok, New Balance, and these Nikes were by far the best fit and feel. These T-Lite VIIIs are proof that you don't have to spend a lot of money for excellent performing shoes and I highly recommend them.
The most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! True to size and width. I'm a size 10 4E. Very supportive when walking or standing. 
It is challenging to find a larger size in stores, let alone a larger half size. I usually stick to Saucony as I know it fits. I took a chance with these and was glad that I did. They are not the most fashionable kicks in the world but nothing is when it is the size of a canoe. Comfort is king, even if it is queen size.
These aren't too bad. I have big feet (size 12) so sneakers are hard to come by. Foot bed could be more cushioned though. Otherwise not too bad.
These shoes are true to size (in my experience). They are made of a thicker material so they are warm. I used them for light exercising (walking, yoga and cycling). These shoes have great ankle support as well. I would not suggest these for a distance run because they make your arches hurt.
Very comfortable shoes! I ordered my regular size and they fit perfectly. I am a hospital volunteer, and the shoes looked very nice but more importantly, I did not have to break them in. I wore them all day the first day I had them!
These are the best! I wear them for work all day, every day and they are just super light and comfortable. Buy 'em, you won't be sorry! I usually wear a size 8 but in Nikes I wear a size 9, as I find, for me that Nikes always run small.
I don't love these shoes.  I bought them to workout in and am now going to give them away.  They are about a 1/2 size too big and I have worn a 6.5 in Nikes for 15 years.  This is the first pair that didn't fit.  Also, they look like nurse shoes, which is great if you are a nurse.  They are very lightweight.
I bought two Nike tennis shoes of the same size. Side by size this one looks big. It looks nice and it is comfortable.
