Reebok Lifestyle Club C
I bought these shoes after a long search to find a simple pair of comfortable walking shoes in a size 11 wide. These were about the only ones I could find (I looked at 5 different shoe stores!). I was happy to find someone who stocked this type shoe in my size. When I got them I was hugely disappointed to see that they were about as wide as ballet slippers. Even worse, they were so stiff you would think they were made of concrete. I just threw them away.

I bought this shoe in a wide and was really excited because it looks great. When I received it I was disappointed to find out how narrow it was when it was marked Wide.  I'm a regular wide shoe person but for this shoe I would go the distance and order a double wide if I were to do it again. It looks great, but remember to order a bigger size.
Excellent work shoes.
These shoes are very comfortable for constant walking but I would not recommend them if you work in slippery/wet floors. These shoes lose lots of traction on wet surfaces. Also, I can concur with the other raters on the narrowness of the shoe. My feet are not wide and the medium D felt pretty tight at first, but I broke-them-in in one day. If your feet are a little wide, get the wide fit shoes. If your feet are very wide I think that these shoes may fit too tight even on a wide size. 
I ordered these shoes in a half size larger. Found them to still be too small and a little narrow. I am returning them and reordering a full size larger. We'll see.
These are nice shoes, seem to be made well, and have a lot of cushion. However, they are much smaller than expected and I had to return them because they were too tight. I have a narrow foot, so it was not the width of the shoe. I had order size 11, and prob should have done a 12 for them to fit correctly.
These shoes are comfortable, wear well and are true to size. While my day-to-day work shoes are more dressy, these are perfect for many casual activities such as walking, sports, shopping, errands, yardwork and housework. They are also good for evenings out and hanging with friends. When they reach their half-life, I simply buy a new pair and rotate the half-life ones down to dirtier types of activities. I am probably on my sixth and seventh pairs right now. There are many excellent shoes you could buy, but for me, comfort, value and consistency make these the best. Oh, did I mention that they look great with jeans?
