Capezio Economy Jazz Slip On
Capezio does it again with another great dance product. Great quality leather that will endure every move you turn it, with ease. The shoe also features a great grip and support; this shoe will be like a second skin. Do keep in mind though that if you are a male purchasing this product you will want to order what your equivalent size would be in Woman's. For example: I wear a size 9-9.5 in Men's so I would require a size 11.
Fair warning to those ordering for kids. I should have listened to the other reviews. My daughter takes a size 3 in regular shoes so I figured a size 4 would be sufficient. I'm ordering a 6.5 now - it's that much smaller than normal sizes.
I bought these shoes for my daughter for her dance class, and she finds them very comfortable. Keep in mind you need to go up 1 1/2 to 2 sizes than your usual shoe size. Shipping was incredibly fast...I ordered them on a Thursday morning and received them the following day, and this was with the free standard shipping.
The downside - these run very small - up to two sizes small. The upside - they are reasonably priced and do the job.
Really great shoe. Did have to order a whole size up. My daughter wears a street shoe size 5 but had to get a size 6 ladies to fit.
These jazz shoes are definitely sized far too small.  I took other recommendations and went 3 sizes bigger than my son's regular size.  They fit perfect.
It's a handsome and comfortable shoe but was 2 sizes too small.  The representative was wonderful.  She was friendly and helpful.  She sent out the replacement before receiving the return and upgraded the shipment too (the original shipment arrived soon enough already).  They emailed me to notify me of the receipt of the return too.  A wonderful company.
Shoe runs extremely small. I am returning and I iwll need to have sized in a store because it runs so small. 
Very attractive, however, I ordered 2 sizes larger and wide and the shoes were still way too narrow.
I ordered a size up and while the shoe fit, I had previously broken my small toe so it rubbed at the wrong spot and I will have to return these. I normally wear a size 11.5 Wide and bought the 12 wide.
Sizing on this brand is way off! Like a previous review we were forced to size up 3 shoe sizes for a true fit?
These are the first jazz shoes I've purchased so I don't have a basis of comparison but they run very small so I had to order two sizes larger than I normally do. I have had them for two months now (practice 2-3 times a week in them) and they hold up well. 
Very comfortable & practical for yoga & Pilates. They're flexible enough to not restrict the poses & exercises. The soles & heels are just gripping enough to keep you from slipping, but not sticky enough to interfere with your movements or the mats underneath. You should order 1/2 size larger than your normal street shoe size.
These shoes are used for ballroom warm up and they do just fine.  It was hard to find anything that could fit my size 12N foot, but these do.
My son uses these for equestrian vaulting. They run at least a full size small, maybe more. These were too small and his regular size is 5.5. But they are great and comfy when he's got the right size.
Definitely needs a size bigger. Very comfortable at first try. I have a high arch so I would say that it does support my arch.
