Five Ten Guide Tennie W
I was not familiar with this brand of shoe but I love it.  I put them on and I knew this was just what I was looking for.  Cool, comfort and no breaking in time.  I cannot wait for my nex pair of Five Ten.  They are true to size and extrememly comfortable.
Definitely has the look of a rock climbing shoe and fit my narrow heeled, wider toe box well, very well but there was not much arch support and my orthotic did not fit in it in the arch section. This was my first Five Ten and I would come back to try it again sometime. The shoe itself is a great looking run around shoe but if there was a second set of laces like one of the reviewers indicated, they weren't there so if orange is not really your color, you are out of luck! The sole is definitely sticky but the plastic arch area (the light colored plastic in the sole) was a little strange (noisy) and not supportive enough nor pliant enough for my insert to fit. They feel a bit like of Merrell sandals (tho their shoes are a bit too narrow now in the toe area for me) so if you like Merrell and don't use orthotics, then the Five Ten Guide might work well for you! I ordered my "real" size 7.5 Medium and they were fine with my running socks. And, these shoes are lightweight!
These are simply wonderful. Incredibly well made and very comfortable out of the box. I am a 7½ in street shoes and a 7 in dress shoes. I ordered the 7½ in these and they are perfect. I am excited to use them for scrambling and impromptu bouldering sessions. For this type of use they should be snug but the tips of your toes should not touch. The laces are designed to really tighten up if you want to be more aggressive (think running around on sandstone in Moab or exploring a slot canyon off the Colorado... yay!) So, if you are just looking for a cool street shoe I would definitely go half a size up.
I love my new Five Ten Guide Tennies. I had never worn this brand before so I wasn't sure what to expect. I'm super picky about my footwear - both in terms of style and because my feet are a bit wide, so comfort and fit are very important and difficult to find. These are great on all counts. I bought these to be used as sort of a multi-purpose sport shoe (hiking, biking, and walking) and they're great for all activities. But they're so great looking with pants and shorts; I wear them while running around in the city. They do tend to run a little small, though, so size up about half a size.
This is a great shoe for kicking around town or doing an urban hike.  The shoes have a very technical/sporty look - think off-duty rock climber - and the soles have excellent traction.  The shoes come with a set of gray shoelaces, which is handy if the orange laces don\'t match your outfit.  These fit true to size and have good arch support. I normally wear orthotics to correct low arch/overpronation, but found that I don\'t need to put them in these shooes.  I\'ve walked 2-3 miles at a time in these shoes with no arch pain nor blisters.
These are the best shoes of this kind I've ever owned. They're lightweight without being flimsy and unstable, they're really comfortable, and perfect for all the ways you need, light hiking, running around and generally better than sneakers shoes. True to size, really great looking too, I might add. I loved them so much that I got a 2nd pair just in case they stop making them.
