Nike Action Balsa Lite W
I ordered the khaki and unfortunately they did not fit my foot right. I have narrow feet so they slipped off the back. I even tried a size smaller but that still didn't work. Very disappointed, really liked the style.
I ordered this pair of shoes in the Khaki.  I ordered a half size smaller than I usually do in the Nike brand and really I should have just ordered my regular Nike size.  The shoes are adorable, although the size I ordered was way too short and very snug across the top of my feet, and I have an average width foot.  I'm a little skeptical if I should exchange for the correct size.
I love this shoe! I ordered the khaki and they look a lot like the color in the photo: a sort of faded khaki, not that very rich-brown kind of khaki. They took one or two brief wearings to break them in (just out to dinner or the grocery store) and now they are so comfortable and look great with shorts. I wasn't sure what size to order, I know Nike can run a little small so I checked my other three pairs of Nikes and they were 7.5, 8, and 8.5 (weird, right?) I decided to order the 8s, my normal shoe size, and they fit great. I have wide feet and they were a little tight at first but just needed to be broken in.
I love them already! I wanted these instead of Sperry's. They are narrow in the toe area because of a elastic band under the tongue but they stretched out quickly. I got these in my regular size 9 instead of a 9.5 after reading reviews about them becoming floppy.
I love these shoes! They're great with jeans or shorts, and very comfortable. They look fine with or without socks. They do stretch a little once they are more worn in, but I bought them in my usual size and the shoes are still working great.

These shoes are so cute and I was sad when I had to return them. They are oddly shaped. I ordered a half size bigger, hoping that the space around the toes would get better but it didn't. The toe box is narrow and the rest of the shoe was wide.
