Ariat Terrain
These are outstanding riding boots, perfect for trail riders who may have to get off and walk. Extremely comfortable, run true to size with thick socks, which I like to wear when riding, keeps the weed burrs from poking. 
I purchased these for work shoes, as I'm on my feet on cement for 8+ hrs a day. Wasn't sure how they would do, but figured I could always use them for riding if nothing else. As usual, these Ariats are extremely well made, I have tons of their western boots and love them all. They do run large, however. I had read the reviews and bought a half-size smaller than I normally wear, but they are still a bit large. It's not bad, especially with a thick pair of socks, but I would recommend getting a whole size smaller than you usually wear. And though they are comfortable, they aren't 'cushy' enough for me to wear 4 days in a row, 10 hrs a day, on cement. I have plantar fasciitis, so have heel pain. But for the average person wanting a comfortable barn or hiking shoe, these would be great. I find myself wearing these out all the time for my errands. I am very pleased with these and feel they are an excellent value.
I love these shoes. I have got just about every color ever made. And I wore my black pair all over Italy for a month and never got sore feet. They are not the most attractive shoe, but they sure wear well and feel great. I get them one half size smaller than I need (8 instead of 8¾) and I can wear thick socks with them, which I like. I also use them to work and ride horses.
I love these boots! Can't find them anywhere else in black, but I did have to order a whole size bigger.
I have owned this line in brown for several years, was excited to see them available in Black.  I already knew they'd fit, glad that you guys finally got them in stock!

I'm no fashion plate, I prefer my footwear comfortable and supportive.  I can only wear high tops due to weak ankles and my feet are between size 4 and 5.5 depending on the brand.

These are now in rotation with my other two pair of Ariats and should last me a couple of years based on how the others performed.
I have been wearing Ariat Terrain boots for work for over 6 years now.  many days I work 12-18 hours a day.  These boots are absolutely fantastic.  They are comfortable and they look great.  I recommended them to a lot of friends and they all became converts after their first pair.  One of my friends wore them to her chiropractor who took a look at them and declared that he was going to get a pair for himself since they were built so well and good for your back  The only things I have to caustion people about are these, first, the shoe runs very large.  I need a half size smaller than my normal size.  The leather is very soft so the shoes don't need breaking in, they are comfortable right out of the box, but the leather loosens up over time and I have found that the shoes wear out quite suddenly.  One wearing they are fine and the next the leather has stretched to the point that the shoe has become uncomfortable to wear.  This takes quite awhile to happen though, so don't be worried about getting your money's worth of use.  The last thing is that these shoes are not good on wet surfaces.  they are quite slick.  The Terrain model comes in a wet weather version which has enhanced traction, but this is not that model.
I bought a pair of these in brown nubuck several years ago and love them, however, these were too big. I'm a size 7 M, which is what I ordered, but my feet were flopping around in them. I would consider ordering a half a size smaller than your usual size.
Love these boots. This is my third pair. They are sized a half size too big though. I wear a size 9 but I order these in an 8.5. Highly reccomended for riding and for time around the barn.
Love these boots! They were comfortable right out of the box. The leather is very soft. They fit true to size, maybe even a little bit as I am between sizes and I took the smaller size. Use them for motorcycle riding but need the comfort to also go hiking. Great boot! 

These boots are very comfortable.  I got them for standing hours at work plus walking around.  I wear heavy socks with them so they fit perfectly.  If you wear light socks try ordering a half size down.
I no longer ride but these Ariat boots are fabulous - my second pair this year. They are solid, decently cushioned and very well-made. A very stylish and understated jeans boot for the grown-up tomboy\/cow-girl. I found they run a full size bigger than marked so you may want to order a size smaller than in other boots. They work well with my narrow heel\/normal foot, which is rare.
