Converse Jack Purcell® Low Profile Slip
Well, I was reluctant to spend this much on casual "kicks", but am glad I did. Very comfy style, and these have a lot more cushion than the normal Converse styles. I can't wear normal Converse due to their sizing. These are great especially if you're female. They run true to size; I ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly. Keepers for sure!
Dope! Especially since I got them 1/2 off. They run narrow, so if you've got wide feet make sure you go 1/2 size bigger or your toes are gonna ache. Great daily drivers tho. 
I wear a man's 12 and have always bought a 12 in any shoe I've bought. I had to return these for a half size smaller. They are my favorite shoes and every time that I wear them someone compliments me on them.
My husband loved them. They fit him true to size and they are very classy looking!
These look great and are just as comfortable as the canvas versions. One caveat is that the leather ones seem to run slightly narrower than the canvas versions, so you might want to go up a half-size.

Awesome shoe! looks amazing. FYI Chuck Taylors are about a 1/2 bigger than most, so I figured these would be the same, however these are true to size. So don't go off of Chuck Taylor size. But these shoes are really, really nice and look amazing, plus they have a nice padded insole, so they are a little more comfy.

2nd pair of Jack Purcells I own and each of them are comfortable. Insoles are nice and thick. The leather is a bit stiffer (last pair was canvas) but offer a little more lateral support. These shoes feel a bit tighter as well in the same size. I'm guessing the canvas had more room to expand. In either case great buy and I love the look of the shoes. Plus the smiley face makes these a unique pair of Converses.
Great shoe. Comfortable immediately out of the box and that says a lot since my feet are notoriously difficult to find comfortable stylish shoes for (due to my feet size and width). Good with jeans, sweats, slacks and for anything on the walk. Will probably get a few more of these, definitely a favorite. 
Absolutely love these shoes. I have skinny feet, and they actually fit me pretty snugly. They seem to have more cushion than your standard Converse shoes. (I own 3 pairs of Converse.) If you have wider feet, they will probably be a little snug at first. If you're going to wear them with socks, go a half size larger. My only complaint is that I bought the "grey" color. It's not really grey. It's more of a lavender. Luckily, I'm a female, so no big deal. But I'd hate for a guy to buy these as unisex shoes, and then be disappointed when they show up in lavender.
It's no secret that a great "faux athletic shoe" can go to any occasion with the cheeky confidence of being noticed, even under a wedding gown at the bride's mega party of her life. This Jack Purcell is the ingenue in her category. The grey color is perfect, with it's mauve undertones. The weight is light, the style refined, the fit true to size. This little shoe carries confidence, humor, style wherever she goes. Watch out for her, better yet, buy her now and see for yourself.
