Spira WaveWalker DX3
This is my second pair of this model. Having arthritis of the knees I really notice how much better they feel in these shoes. Good size toe box which allows room if you have bunions. The fit is true to size for me. I would recommend them for people to try even if you don't have problems.
I bought these because another reviewer mentioned how much more roomy they were in the toebox.  I've been having trouble even with expensive brands of athletic shoes in the proper size causing pain and numb spots on the tips and tops of my toes.  Being diabetic, that was making me nervous.  Problem solved with this shoe! Comfortable and roomy even with an orthotic in.
The fit of this shoe is true to size. Enough room in the toe box. The negative side of this shoe is comfort; it's just not there. 
Not a good choice for ladies who are on their feet all day, especially on hard floors. There's not enough cushioning in the sole. The classic is MUCH more comfortable. Spira, the classic is a great shoe but please update the look.

I love the wider toe box.  I ordered two sizes because I wasn\'t sure which would fit.  I chose the larger size because I realize I should have been wearing the larger size.  I love your no fees for shipping both ways!\r\n
These shoes are comfortable but not nearly as comfortable as the Spira Classic walking shoe. I am a waitress and thought I\'d try the more low profile style of this shoe. My feet aren\'t quite wide enough to be classified as wide but I have the start of bunions and these shoes fit comfortably. I normally wear a size 7 1\/2 or 8 (usually an 8) and I ordered these in a 7 1\/2 and they are perfect. I just really wish they had more comfort on the bottom of the feet, the reason to really even buy these shoes is for that!
My husband had a stroke and had to have a brace on his right leg. I ordered the Spira WaveWalker a half size larger than his regular size and it accommodated the brace. Because of the stability of the Wave Walker - his ability to walk is so wonderfully able. Thank you for such a great product.
I took the suggestion to reduce 1/2 size from my regular size - perfect fit. As comfortable as the first pair that I had. Do not expect a pair of "springing" shoes, but they are very comfortable. 
I really would like these shoes if I could get a pair that fits. I ordered 1/2 size down as suggested in the Spira description, but they were too short. I replaced them with my regular size, and they were too big...like boats on my feet! Otherwise, they're well made and nice looking shoes.

