Creative Recreation Cesario Lo XVI
These are pretty cool shoes. They fit nice and look nice. They have a pretty tight fit so you may want to buy a size bigger or use thinner socks. Overall these are good shoes that I would definitely recommend.
These shoes are very comfortable. But, they run a half size large! In other words, I usually wear a 12.5-13. For these shoes, I had to go down to a 12 for them to fit. The same was the case with all of my groomsmen. They run a half size large, so get them a half size smaller than you would normally wear! Other than that, they are a great quality shoe. I consider them a fancy Converse. They were perfect for my groomsmen and I to wear during my wedding a few weekends back! 
I'm very happy with my purchase of this shoe. 5 stars in terms of style, I like to wear this as a casual shoe for going out. I basically bought these as an upgrade from a pair of Chuck Taylors, which is kind of how they feel. This also means that they're not all that comfortable, hence the 2 star comfort level. This is a shoe for someone looking for a stylish-casual shoe and not a shoe for someone with bad feet. Another important thing to consider: when fitting, make sure you walk around in these guys to get the right size. If they're too big, the strap will make an awkward noise when you walk around. Maybe this goes away when they're worn in, but I wouldn't risk it.
They're a half size smaller than other Cesarios. I have 4 other 1st gen. Cesario lows and they are great fitting but the classic XVI's are slightly smaller. Order a half size smaller.
Style of this shoe is great. But they are narrow, feel a half size larger, and that they make a noise every time you step because of the strap. Other than that they are good.
I bought a pair of these shoes because I like creative recreation and I wanted a simple shoe to wear during the summer without socks. These shoes look nice, but they are very uncomfortable. Walking a couple of blocks leaves my heel rubbed raw and the tops of my toes rubbed raw from the Velcro strap pinching down when I walk. Yes, I did order the correct size. Unfortunately I had to walk these around the block in the rain to figure this out, or I'd be sending them back. Sure the strap is a nice touch, but there are many more comfortable, affordable shoes in this style to choose from besides these.
