Vans Kids Authentic Core (Infant/Toddler)
These vans are great. My 3 year old is currently on her 4th pair of this style.  We love them!  She just wore her last pair almost every day through the winter and they are still in great shape. We also love these because you can go up a half-size when they start to outgrow them so the new pair isn't so big. Plus, they have such great colors!  Highly recommend!
Vans are obviously doing something right! These are no exception. Being a skater I had to get these for my offspring. He loves them and they come just like the men's size version with the sweet vulcanize sole and the old school feel. I got a pair for myself so we are stunting together. If you want your kid shredding or just looking fresh these are a good option!
A great shoe and a great buy. They fit perfect, true to size. My toddler looks like a big boy in these shoes.
These are super cute! My son has a wide foot and we generally buy Stride Rites and New Balance in wides, but this one seems like a wide even though it doesn't come in wide widths. It also runs a little big in size. We ordered a half size smaller than usual and it worked out perfect with a little room to grow. This shoe is a tad bit lighter blue than the picture online. Also gaps slightly around the ankle so thicker socks might help.
These shoes are fantastic.  They are sized correctly and hold up well to the toddler usage.  
These are by far my favorite shoes in my 1 year old's closet. They run 1/2-1 size a bit big, but my son also has narrow feet too. But with a thicker pair of socks they are fine. I will continue to order Vans as he grows.
1st pair-Black/Blue Old Skool, 2nd-Black/White Old Skool, 3rd-Dinosaur Classic Slip-on, 4th-Blue Big Skool, 5th-Black Authentic, 6th-Pewter/Black Authentic, 7th-Ocean Blue Authentic, 8th-Cream Zapato Del Barco, and now the 9th-Dress Blue Authentic. I'll probably also get the Brown Authentic and Pewter Authentic for the Fall. We love these shoes! I order a size and a half larger so he can wear them longer and also order several pair at one time so he can have some at Grandmommy's and mommy's house.
