Josef Seibel Caspian
These shoes are as cute as they come and the fit is very comfortable. The size was perfect for me (size 8)
They are not shoes that you want to wear when you are standing on your feet all day, and they do have a look of a casual shoes, not appropriate for work. But otherwise, I love them and look forward to the weekends when I can wear them!
I love these shoes! The fit is true to size and is very comfortable. I also purchased a second pair in black...so cool!
Excellent Service. Beautiful shoe. Fit very small so if you have womens size 11 like me there are no options for this shoe.
Felt 1/2 size short. I have a narrow heel and if this had a higher back it would have been more comfortable. Cute but had to return.
Just bought these shoes to fit my orthotics. Love them because they don't look like the clodhoppers many orthopedic shoes can - especially with larger sizes. These do fit narrow - I cannot usually wear this brand as most styles are too wide.
I have bought five pairs of this shoe in different colors over the past year. I've looked for a comparable stylish look and feel but keep coming back to this shoe because I can't find anything as comfortable and cute. I walk a lot in a hilly, walking city. I also have dogs so I cover miles on foot daily. I love these shoes because they have style but feel as comfortable as sneakers. My only complaints are (1) that the laces on these shoes don't last very long (I replace the originals after the first few months), and (2) sizing is odd -- to say they run large is an understatement. I usually wear a size 38 in European sizing but I wear a 40 in these shoes. There is no arch support but I use the black Superfeet and they fit nicely in these shoes.
LOVE these sneakers! I have gotten so many compliments on both pair of Caspian shoes (white and blue). Retro style without the 'dorky' look. Very comfortable, although the first time I wore them I walked 7 miles and wound up with a couple of blisters and a wounded 4th toe. That might be because my feet are almost a full size different, and my larger foot strikes the toe box more. Still, I would recommend these to anyone. I have narrow heels and these fit well. 

Really cute! But unfortunately really tight. These run at least 1/2 size small. I would order the next size up to have room for feet to feel comfortable. Toebox is narrowish and the width is not right for someone with a wider foot. Love Josef Seibel, but this is not the fit for me.
These are amazingly comfortable and so darn cute to wear with anything from shorts, jeans or a little sun dress.  Surprising how supportive.  I am a true 6 1/2 and the size 37 fit me perfectly.
