Merrell Siren Sport GORE-TEX® XCR®
The sizing is off on these; they are too small. I have worn other Merrell size 10 styles and they have been the most comfortable shoes I have worn. It would be helpful if the sizing became standardized. The Siren Sport Goretex XCR shoe is not a size 10. After wearing these for one day, my feet hurt for 3 days. Had I been home, I would have taken these shoes off much sooner. 
Another difficult aspect of these shoes is that they have absolutely no traction on a wet surface. The day I wore them it was raining and I was in danger of losing my footing on all the surfaces I tried except for sand. 
Love the shoes, very comfortable. I did order half size larger after reading the reveiws and they fit perfect. 
I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and supportive. I ended up going up half a size to give myself enough room in the toebox. I have had a pair of these for about 12 years now and they have never worn out. They are highly recommend!
Disappointed it didn't fit as well as my other Merrell shoe size 9.  This shoe was too short in the length for me.  Hits a little high on top of the foot near ankle as well.  
Shoe looks nice. I bought it a size up like for most hiking shoes. I have been buying Merrell boots for several years now. Bad idea! They were too long and squashed my toes even though I ordered the wide. I ended up with a similar shoe from Merrell that REI had on the shelf.
Very true to size and extremely comfortable from the first wearing.  Very sturdy and durable shoe.
Tried several different pairs of hikers and these were by far the most comfortable. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. They are not sneakers so they are not as flexible, but they are very sturdy and offer great support. I walk my dog through the woods to a park daily and these have been great. They are very lightweight and definitely waterproof. I can walk across a shallow creek and my feet stay dry. I highly recommend these hikers.
This is a great shoe! No break in time. Very comfortable and supportive. Gor-tex keeps your feet dry in all types of weather. I wear a size 5 and felt the shoe was very true to size.
I live in Oregon and need a waterproof shoe. This shoe is definitely waterproof and very comfy. I have worn it golfing when it's wet and muddy and I walk the courses, which is about 5 miles. I love this shoe. It's so comfortable that I've even walked on the treadmill with it on. Great shoe! It does run small, so I went a size up.
The shoes are well made and lightweight. They look great and they fit well (I ordered 1/2 size larger). But I have to return them because they rub on my ankle bones.
