Ryka Transition™
Love these shoes!  I ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.  I use them for Zumba and they were great right out of the box, no need to break them in.  A great dance shoe and plenty of support.
I tried this shoe due to reviews, I got them for Zumba specifically. I'm afraid this shoe was very uncomfortable for me, I wear a size 8 and bought 1/2 size larger, just to make sure it would be a comfortable fit. I also have wide feet, but not enough to have to buy wide and I have a bunion. The foot with the bunion was fine, it was my other foot that had pain at the ball of the foot. I'm not sure what the issue was, but I just couldn't wear it long and had to suffer through. I have returned the shoe. Like always, it all depends on the person and feet! Overall, this appeared comfortable, the color wasn't as black as I thought, it's more of a light black and purple not as dark.
I love these shoes! I do kickboxing, step aerobics and floor aerobics 6 days a week and needed something light and maneuverable. These are it. I have wide feet and narrow heels and often have to buy shoes a half size larger than my usual 7 in order to fit the width of my feet (Nikes, for example). This shoe fits in a 7. I do wear an arch support in the shoe because of my high arches, but could probably go without it. These shoes were comfortable from the very first day I wore them. They were my first pair of Rykas, but won't be my last!
I am short and sneakers which have a section which come up over the back of the heel toward the ankle come up too high on me and keep me from being able to bend my foot completely. I'm 5'tall and wear a 5.5 size. Do these shoes come up high in the back?
I use these shoes for line dancing, and they are very comfy, so far. These are the first dances shoes that I've ever been able to purchase in my normal street shoe size! The webbing gives a bit, so my wide (D) feet feel okay. And they're cute!
I ordered these specifically for Zumba and what a difference after wearing regular sneakers.  Very comfortable, flexible with all the Zumba moves.  Ordered size 9 fit was snug, ordered 9-1/2 better fit; I normally wear a 9 in sneakers.
