ASICS GEL-1170™
These shoes are very comfortable.  I work as a nurse in a hospital and do a lot of standing and walking.  I got the narrow size and they fit perfectly!
I bought this based on the reviews about support. I find the the toe area is solid (not soft enough) but what is lacking most for me is arch support. I have flat feet and pronate and these after a 30 minute walk left my feet numb and hurting.  It needs a good sized bump for the arches.
I have been wearing the 1160 and now 1170 for running and love the fit. I have a wide foot so the width selection is helpful- I wear a D. In all running shoes I go up a 1/2 a size. These are so comfortable I bought a pair for work and as a nurse Im on my feet all day. Love them! 
I really like these shoes. They are so comfortable and great for walking. They are true to size. 
As Expected!
I have been using Kayano model for years when I needed a replacement. And they were out of 2A in my size, so I decided to give it a try on this model.
They are as good as Kayano, and even better coz of the price. Go for it!
I was having problems with severe heel and arch pain, also over pronunciation. Bought 'Keen' sandals and that helped but needed something for the non sunny weather. Reviewed and tried on numerous 'trainers' before I found this. Felt immediate relief, have walked for miles now and still enjoy pain free feet. Great support all over. Within one week no pain. Wear either the Keen's or these all day.Did find needed 10 rather than the size 9 1/2 I usually wear but needed that for Keen's to.
I have worn this series for about 10 years starting with the 1060's back in the early '00s. I love these shoes and have owned two pairs of the 1170's. I do wear orthodics with them and I typically wear size 6 shoes but for these running shoes, I wear a size 7. They say typically you want to go up at least a half size in your running shoes but I have always worn a 7. Great shoes, wear about 400 miles and then become work around the house shoes.
