Avia A1371W
Very comfortable true to size, but a little snug with real thick socks.This shoe is so light, it is perfect for everyday or workouts.
I bought these shoes, because the New Balance sneakers I got for my birthday were killing me, and I had to find something else.  These were in the orthotic friendly section of Zappo's, but I would have to disagree with that.  The shoe is very narrow, and although the sole was removable, the shoe had hardly any room for a standard size orthotic.  I ended up going without one because my feet were being squished.  They're cute looking shoes, but that's about it.  I wouldn't recommend them for exercising or walking a lot.  They still weren't as bad as the NB's but they were pretty uncomfortable.  If I exercised more than a half hour, a sharp pain would shoot down my foot.  Also the toe box is very narrow and my feet were getting blistered and calloused because of it.  I thought they just needed some breaking in so I wore them every day for 3 months.  The only thing that got broken in was my feet, so here I am again on Zappo's ordering a new pair of non-Avias and writing this review.  If you exercise and/or are on your feet all day, I wouldn't recommended these at all.  
This is my second pair of these shoes so obviously I really like them. (The first pair is about 11 months old and has been my favorite and most worn of several exercise shoes so even though it still looks good, it is time to replace). So glad it is still available. Fits well and is true to size. Is cushioned, supportive, and comfortable. Couldn't ask for more from an athletic shoe.
I bought these sneakers to keep at my home in the south so I wouldn't have to travel with heavy sneakers all the time. The price is great for this concept. They are cute and practical for what I needed them for. If I was buying a primary pair, I would go for a Nike brand or something more known. But these are cute overall. I wear a 7 but always get a half size bigger in sneaks.

This is a good deal if you have a high volume foot and narrower heel. It does seem to run a 1/2 size smaller than marked. The material across the widest part of my foot wrinkles, and I guess is consistent with the other Avias I ordered recently. It has a removable insole which is a plus but still didn't help me with the volume issue. 

I loved the Avia Archrocker shoes but the heels fell apart too quickly so I switched to these. I have been happy for the most part, but they are not as comfortable on your feet and legs as the Archrocker. I bought half a size larger and they are still a little snug. I would buy these shoes again just because the heel is not falling apart like the Archrocker did!
I have always liked this sneaker.  It fits my foot well.  The storees around me did not have my size so after 3 unsuccessful shopping trips I decided to buy it on line.  I got two pairs.  I have been able to buy these elsewhere for somewhat less but I realized I was wasting a lot of my time with these unsuccessful shopping trips.
You get what you pay for. If you are looking for a cheap pair of shoes to wear for day-to-day activities, these shoes would probably suffice. But if you are looking for shoes to wear when you walk for exercise, don't waste your money. First, I had to exchange them for a full size larger than what I usually wear. Then, I realized about a mile into my first walk in these shoes that the insoles are almost non-existent (I put some Dr. Scholl's in). Finally, before I'd covered 20 miles in the shoes, I got a blister on one of my little toes, where the seam rubbed against my foot.
