Heelys Wave (Toddler/Youth/Adult)
My daughter absolutely loves these! They work well, and she learned to "skate" on them quickly. You do need to order one size larger than normal to get a good fit though.
We ordered these Heelys for my daughters 10th birthday. My bad, we ordered the wrong size! We reordered that night and the new ones came like clockwork! You guys are the best! Allen
I love these shoes and that is why I rated everything five stars and said everything was true to size. They are really awesome you should get them because they are awesome!
My daughter loves these! You definitely need to order them one full size larger!
These are so cute and very comfortable.  They fit exact to size.  I am still trying to master using the Heely but that will come.

Highly recommend
Can anyone tell me if 6 Youth fits size 6 Youth or it's men size 6? It shows 6 Youth, 6 Men's together in size box. How can I pick size 6 Youth?
They said to order it a size larger and we did and it fits perfectly.  Quick shipment, excellent quality!
I had to return first pair - they were too small. Second pair were right size and looked great on my grandson. He really loves them. I will buy them again.
My son started out not so good and in 2 days he was a pro. He has fallen in love and by the way he got shocked when I told him how much money I had to pay but he loves them and he quotes they are the best thing in the world. I highly recommend these shoes if you have a very athletic and energetic, these are the best shoes in the world for children and I even wiggled myself into a pair of these in a men's size. Highly recommend.
I bought these for my 7 year old grandson. He absolutely loves them. He wears size 1.5 and I ordered size 2 and they fit perfect.
My son had a pair of Heeleys when he was a lot younger and loved them. So when his 12th birthday came around, he said he wanted some more. I was not sure if they made them in a size 11 men's, but sure enough they did. He gets a lot of comments-wishing that that person had a pair. We tell them where I got them. I highly recommend getting them at any age.
My 10-yr-old son bought these with his Christmas money and he loves them. After 2 days of practice he was rolling around very easily and having lots of fun. The best part about this purchase was your excellent customer service who worked with me to find the right size. I would definitely purchase again from your site. Thanks!
My 10 year old love these sakes. Ordered one size larger. Fast shipping as always...thanks Naples!
