FitFlop FF Supertone
The Supertone is a near-perfect combination of running shoe comfort and urban/casual sneaker style. I've been frustrated trying to find something stylish that didn't feel flat-footed and uncomfortable. I suffered from plantar fasciitis years ago and still have to use custom orthotics with everything from sneakers to dress shoes. But on my first day of wearing these Supertones I walked to work and back (a total of just over 5 miles) with no orthotics or shoe inserts and felt great afterward. After wearing these Supertones for a while it's kind of embarrassing to see how little most sneaker manufacturers do to make casual sneakers kind to your feet. Style-wise, I wish Fitflop would come out with a sneaker that wasn't quite as wide in the middle where the arch should be visible from the outside. They also really need to start making half sizes. I typically wear an 11.5 and the size 12 Supertones are a bit wide in the toe box. But my heel doesn't slip or anything, so the high-tech footbed and style are still an excellent solution for me.
I have wide feet and generally buy in the size 8-10 range. I bought the black leather and brown soled version of these shoes almost a year ago and they are fantastic; comfortable, sturdy, great arch support, and I get a compliment just about every time I wear them. Can't argue with that.
These are, without question, the most comfortable shoe's I've ever worn! Initially, the left sneaker seemed to make a loud squeaking noise, but eventually stopped. The sneakers have a great classic retro look. My teenage son even thought they look cool. Not much ventilation, and I can tell that my feet would probably get pretty warm wearing them on hot summer days. Working in NYC, I do a lot of walking, so with my first real break-in in these, I walked about 4 miles, and I must say, these are incredibly comfortable, and felt as if I could've literally walked all day. That never happens! I thought that these were rather expensive for sneakers, but after having walked miles in them, the price is definitely worth it. I have wide feet, and typically wear a 10 1/2, so I got a size 11. When I got them, I had to loosen the laces to widen the shoe, but there is stretch, so I ended up having to tighten the laces again. They feel perfect now.
Comfortable shoes...well made. Solid, not too heavy (but could be lighter!). I'm a 9.5, originally ordered a 9 based on reviews, but felt my toe pressured at the front so returned for a 10. These seem to fit, but already can tell a proper 9.5 size would've been perfect. Come on fitflop, who doesn't do .5 sizes in 2011?
My wife talked me into getting a pair of MBTs last year; I wasn't crazy about the style but I could not argue with the benefits I felt (less foot and leg pain, etc). She then told me about Fitflops and, at half the price of MBTs with more of a classic sneaker style, I was willing to give the white ones a shot. They looked a bit like "grandpa sneakers" when I got them, but changing the laces to bright red instantly made them look hip and I started getting compliments on my "cool classic sneakers." The feel is very plush -- these are incredibly comfortable when walking. I wore them to a recent convention and have nothing but praise for the fit and feel -- and, relative to other sneakers, lack of fatigue. Also, I was concerned about the lack of half sizes. I'm a Men's 9.5 US, and going down to size 9 gave me an excellent fit. I'm already considering another pair in another color. So in other words...my wife was right again.
