Capezio Teknik® Ballet
These shoes are great for ballet. I order one size up from my street size. I would recommend these.
FYI, I ended up buying the slightly wide size, 1 1/2 sizes bigger than my daughter's foot measured at a shoe store recently. After 2 returns, the third time was the charm!
I love this shoe but had to order a full size larger and add on extra width from my typical shoe size.
These run really small. My daughter was just measured at a shoe store as a 3.5 medium width. I ordered her a size 4 and it was still way too small. I will return it for a bigger size. I'd order up at least a full shoe size.
Bought the same size as my gym shoe and it's great. I love the split sole. Wonderful. 

I was very happy with my order. It arrived pretty quick after I ordered it. I did order a half size bigger then normal because I had read previous reviews. Overall, very happy.

Classic ballet shoes.  Toes is tight.  Might want to order up one size.
Beautifully constructed of soft leather with strong seams. The wide elastic strap stays flat and is subtly embellished with the Capezio signature which is an elegant detail. As with most dance shoes, order a half size smaller than your street shoes for a proper fit as the shoe will form to the shape of your feet. This is a terrific shoe, fitting better and lasting longer than other brands.
The classic. Don't dance, just love to wear them around the house in place of slippers. Definitely run small; need to order a full size up.
Great for ballet, just a tad bit snug in the toe - 
I purchased the Teknik ballet slipper and so far have been quite satisfied with the fit. Having not taken ballet in quite some time, I do not remember if the shoes were this snug at the end of the toe box. I may have been a bit more comfortable with a 1/2 size larger.

Fantastic customer service!!
The shoes I ordered for my daughter were terrific but the best thing about this company is their customer service. My daughter is growing out of youth sizes and they were so helpful with advice about which adult size might work best. You speak to someone right away they are extremely courteous and it was the best service I've received in years from any company. Way to go! I'll be back!
Sizing - 
I have found these shoes to be true to size. The ballet shoe size correlates to street shoe size.

Many Thanks - 
Just right for what I needed, and the comments by other reviewers really helped in finding the right size. Very impressed.

Quality Dance Shoe - 
This was the first time I bought ballet flats without a sales person forcing me to buy way too small. I prefer buying true to size and depending on the elastics to further help with fit.  These came with the elastics pre-sewn that were too loose for me, so I will have to re-sew them in. Also, I prefer two elastics to sew in a criss-cross, but these came with only one set. The gathering lace is elastic and not cotton, like most shoes I have worn. 
I was very surprised to discover that these shoes are made in Vietnam. I always believed that Capezio shoes were American-made. Overall, this is a quality shoe.

Looks so good and hurts so bad - 
I purchased my pair of slippers 2 sizes smaller than my street shoes as directed and let me tell you, one of the shoes was so tight on my big toe that I almost suffered from a hang nail! But I will suffer through my pain and they looked good, nevertheless!

Sizing is extremely small!
My 7 year old daughter wears a 2 1/2 - 3 street shoe. After 2 returns, a size 4 1/2 is what she's now wearing in this ballet shoe.

Nice quality ballet shoe - 
I bought these for a dance class. Nice quality leather and construction. They look nicer on the foot than they do in the picture. I ordered a 1/2 size smaller than my regular shoe size. I feel some very slight rubbing on the back of the heel, but I expect them to stretch out.

A little snug - 
I ordered the ballet slipper in a full size larger than I normally wear, and it still felt a little snug, but it stretches, so that's ok. I like the way it looks.

