The North Face Women's Hedgehog III GTX XCR® 
As already mentioned, the shoe looks great, but the fit is horrible. You will need to order a half to full size up. The foot area is indeed too narrow (maybe narrow feet is what they were made for), and yes when you walk the shoe does not give too easily causing them to push down on your toes. After walking a mile in these things, I was hobbling due to my toes aching- being push and mushed from top side, and even the front. Too bad. I love North Face, and was wanting to love these shoes.
I really wanted to like this shoe, but like it has been mentioned already, the fit is not quite what I expected from North Face. First, you will need to go up at least a half size (for me I had to go up a full size), and it does indeed feel as if the front of the shoe is cut too narrow. The upper part of the shoe does indeed push down on the foot as you walk because of the stiffness, and again as mentioned already, it has a very stiff sole and feel to the whole shoe. It is not very comfortable, but it is a pretty shoe. If you have narrow feet, these might be for you.
Much to my husband's annoyance, I have ordered and returned a ridiculous amount of shoes recently in an attempt to find the perfect waterproof, lightweight hiking shoe that will work on trails and while walking the dog through the neighborhood in slush and snow. I have another pair of North Face hiking boots that I hate to the point I've considered burning them, so I was hesitant to try the brand again. It was only the recommendation on numerous hiking websites that finally convinced me to give these a chance, and I am so glad I did! My Merrells and Keens are being returned to sender and these will have a place near the front door for easy access. Finally, I've found a waterproof hiking shoe that won't weigh me down or strangle my toes. As a sizing note, these do fit true to size, but if you plan on using them for longer walks or hikes, buy a half size up. Your feet will thank you for the extra wiggle room in the toes, and any sliding can easily be adjusted by changing how you lace them.
I've had NF shoes before so I was excited to get these, but I took only 5 steps with one shoe on to test the size and the top of the shoe was digging into the tops of my toes - sharply. The shoe, for me, does not bend where my foot bends - it bends at mid-toe. I would be unable to wear them in a larger or smaller size. Unfortunately, these will be going back.
These shoes were comfortable right from the first time they were put on. The size chart is right on. They look great. I can't wait to take them out on the trail.
Shoes look great but the fit was horrible! Purchased correct size in terms of length, but heel flipped and was very uncomfortable around the upper-foot area. Did not fit securely like you need/want in a shoe for hiking (or dog agility)!
