Salomon Exit 2 Aero
Owning 2 pairs of Salomon hiking boots I've come to feel they are one of the best and my favourites on the market. Very comfortable fit however while they are usually spot on with the size however these shoes run a bit small with the tip of my toe touching the end. 
I have fairly large and slightly narrow feet (Men's 11) and was looking for suggested brands that might fit better than what I was able to find locally. The brands that kept coming up were Salomon, Scarpa, and Asolo. I have two pairs of Asolo boots that fit great, but they offer a pretty limited supply of shoes, so I decided to try and compare the Salomon Exit 2 Aero, the Scarpa Zen, and the Asolo Mantra. Of the three the Salomon were by far the least comfortable, had the least arch support, and my heels would lift out of the cup (though this could easily change with some break-in). They also seemed to run half a size small. Both the Scarpas and the Asolos fit great. I would have been happy with either, and ended up with the Scarpas because I liked their looks better. Too bad, the Salomons would have saved me a little money over either of the others and probably would have been a little cooler due to the mesh.
I found the Exit 2 Aero to be true to size, well made, and comfortable. Salomon's seem to be one of the very few brands that accommodate a person with a narrow heel. With most other brands, my heel slips upward as I walk but with the Salomon's Exit 2 Aero they stay comfortably snug.
Shoe felt fine when I wore them in the house. The first and only time I walked in them I noticed the size and width was too small. Since I used them outside I am unable to return them. Maybe return policy on hiking shoes should be different.
Most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Light for a hiking shoe with a perfect fit. I ordered my size and was worried I would need to go a size larger from what other reviewers were saying, but they arrived and felt great from day one and without having to break them in. Every time I put them on I look forward to it. Ive had them for about a month now and I am currently buying another pair or two. Very happy with these shoes.
