Native Shoes Jefferson
I usually wear an 8½ and bought a size 8 since I read recommendations to buy half a size down. The size 8 was too snug so I returned them and bought a size 9. The size 9 was too big and fit more like a size 10. The two sizes must be from different production runs. The size 8 had a Native label glued to the heel. The size 9 had Native molded into the heel. Native needs to get their sizing straight.
Love these shoes! More style than a sneaker or a Croc. Perfect for jeans, shorts and casual comfort. Feel true to size both in width and length...and you don't have to be a teenager to have them look good on you!
Great design, attractive, very comfortable, fits true to size and not at all narrow. Feet do sweat some in the hot weather but I plan on wearing for the rain so should be okay.
Great shoes. Real light & good looking. Only bad is they do run half a size larger like others have said.
If you are a half size, order Jeffersons in a half size down from your regular size. And yes, they are a bit narrow, but not terribly so. Order almost all other Natives one half size larger. And those will be a bit roomier in the width. Took lots of exchanging to figure this out. And don't dry them in a dryer for a few minutes after washing them off. They shrink! Natives are great shoes.
Bottom line? I would not recommend as an everyday pair. I bought these for work where I am on my feet all day running around a warehouse. They are light, breathable, and I was sold on the anti-microbial properties of the shoe which combined with the light materials and airy, breathable upper; leaving my feet feeling way, way better at the end of the day. In regards to wear: I noticed creases started after my first full shift at work, which isn't a lot of great feats of athleticism but is a lot of walking. I also have been wearing these out and about as a test. They don't seem to like getting wet and are not very durable outside of room operating temperature (i.e. too hot, too cold). Comfort: They're pretty comfy. They're also not going to fall off your feet (I literally have ran across a warehouse leaping over boxes with no slip), and have great traction. However, do not confuse these with non slip treads that ARE designed for oil slick and slippery surfaces. If you're going to buy a pair for work in the freight or logistics biz, they're cheap, light, comfy, and the only downside I can think of is they may only live four to five months with everyday work day use. If you're buying them for the town, they're stylish, but keep in mind that while I feel they're true to fit, the toe thing gives it an extra half size of length. I've been wearing these two weeks and almost trip daily wearing these not picking me feet up far enough for the toe thing to clear the ground.
I love these shoes but be warned they run about a half size bigger than most shoes.
I saw a few people claiming to normally wear Men's US 10½ - 11 and that Natives 10 was perfect. Well I normally wear 10½ - 11 and my size 10 were about ½" too big. They are pretty narrow however so they fit pretty snug. Unless you are constantly active in these shoes your feet will get really sweaty whilst wearing them without socks. Overall I am pretty happy wit these kicks. And I will probably grab another pair once these ones wear out.
Just received my third pair today. These fit "true to size" but like a broken in sneaker. As they break in the material becomes softer and even more comfortable. Just toss in the washer to clean, not the dryer of course. These get a lot of Florida walking miles during work in and near the water, around the yard, house etc. so the soles do wear thin quickly with lots of walking, but for normal use they are great and waterproof.
I saw an ad in Real Simple magazine and ordered the shoes for my Dad for Father's Day. He does not like Crocs and I thought this would be a great alternative for his outside garden work. The shoes fit great, true to size, and he wears them part of every day.
Very light, flexible, and extremely comfortable. If you are a flip flop type person and want something to "cover up" a little more, this is the shoe for you. These shoes do tend to run narrow, but, it is not really an issue. with the EVA construction, the shoe will stretch and accommodate your foot. They fit snug without feeling restrictive, which is good in my opinion...they won't fall off your foot. For sizing info: I wear a 7.5 in tennis shoes. I picked the men's size 7 in this shoe and it fits great. So, I would order a half size down. Going to order another pair real soon.
These shoes are comfortable and true to size. They are fraying a little around the edge after a few wears, but I still love them. They are very comfortable. My husband's pair is not fraying and he's (much) bigger than me. He loves his, too.
I'm not a fan of Crocs and don't do well with flip flops for some reason, so I bought these for a recent trip to Hawaii and ended up wearing them every day. They were true to size, really, really light, of course perfect for boating or anything near water and people actually thought they were Converse (which is what I usually wear)! Love them!
I'm a women's size 7.5 and the mens 6/womens 8 is huge! the mens 5/womens 7 is still pretty big. I'm going to try the mens 5/womens 6 next and post an update. Size down ladies!
Usually order a 10.5 or even an 11, these worked well in a size 10! The  holes are great for hot summers here in Vegas! Think Crocs but more fashionable!
