Saucony Kids Baby Jazz H&L (Infant/Toddler)
These shoes were awesome! I just ordered a second pair in a larger size because my son's outgrown this original pair. He loves them, is able to move well in them, and they seem durable (as durable as shoes on a 19mo can be!).
My 2 year old has been wearing these sneakers for a couple of weeks now and so far we love them. They are very easy to get on and off and she can take them off herself with no problem. They seem very comfortable for her. She measures an 8 1/2 and that is what I ordered for her, so size is right on for us. We'll see how they hold up over the next few months.
We really love these shoes and they look super cute on my 21 month old. They seem true to size, and comfortable for my daughter who I usually try to buy wide width shoes (so they might run just slightly wide). Really like the vivid purple color. Feel like they could have more padding in the sole and along the sides, but overall very happy!
These sneakers are terrific for toddlers and preschoolers. We have the green and blue for my son and the colors are vibrant and the fit is perfect (they run true to size). They are very easy for a young child to get them on or off themselves. My daughter also has a pair in pink and loves them. They are well worth the price.
These shoes are absolutely adorable. They fit great, true to size. Love them and would recommend them to everyone. 
These shoes rock, I love them! My daughter has a very narrow foot and these fit her perfectly. They are super cute and they have held up through hard play. When they are dirty I simply throw them in the wash, let them air dry and they are as good as new. I plan on ordering the next size up for her next pair! The only warning I may have is to those of you who have kids with wider feet. They do have the adjustable velcro but I'm not sure it would be enough for a really wide foot. Part of why I love these is that they actually fit my daughter's slim foot.
My son has wide feet, so the closure doesn't completely close as it does in the picture.  He loves his new shoes, I love them.  I wish they were available in Big Kid sizes, not just baby and adult.  Love them and will purchase until he reaches the end of the size range.
These are super cute and we ordered the gray pair with the orange stripe. I think they run a little small. We ordered two sizes and kept the pair that was a half-size bigger than my son wears in other shoes.
These just might be the cutest shoes ever! My daughter gets compliments every time she wears these shoes (which is practically every day). I'll definitely be re-buying these once she outgrows her current size!

