PUMA OSU NM Wn's
I was so excited to get these today! I pulled them out of the box, put them on and they were way too narrow! As in within five minutes of putting them on my toes were starting to go numb. My feet are a little wider than the medium width, but not quite a wide and I normally wear a medium. I am not sure if it was just because they were narrow, but they also felt about half a size smaller than marked. I was really bummed out.
Very comfy and feel secure and still loose on top. Unusual look and they get noticed. lite weight and provide enough support without the feel of a heavy shoe. I think they run a little big but got my normal size. I really like them for walking and standing because have Mortens neuroma in both feet.
This is one fun-looking, comfy shoe! However, I had to return it because it was a bit tight on my 'wider' foot.  If your feet are both 'normal,' the width is fine - felt absolutely super-comfy on my regular-size-8 foot. Hate to send it back, but too old to wear a shoe that pinches, even just a teeny bit!  Additional notation: not much feeling of arch support. Vibrant colors and great 'attitude!' Fun shoe.
I have a size 10 foot; it's flat and it's wide. And these shoes are perfect in almost every way! I should mention that if you love Nike for their high arches, you may not love these. I have barely any arch and these feel supportive without being painful (i.e. they are not forcing my foot into an arch I do not have). The cushion on the ball and heel of the shoe feel like two separate little pillows, it's amazing. These are definitely a step and grade above the no-brand walking shoes I picked up at a local retailer, thinking they'd be good enough for work. The ankle, because of my wide and thick legs/feet, is a little bit snug, but the adjustable velcro strap helps me adjust that. I can't wait to wear these to work, they're so light and fluffy! My mom tried them on and said to order her a pair (but she's a little disappointed that they are not offered in wide).
