New Balance WX623
Please note: The white shoes and the black shoes are not the same fit! As a result of ankle surgery (plate and several pins implanted after an accident), I have difficulty standing for long periods. I wear athletic shoes almost all the time, and have found New Balance best accommodates my feet (narrow heel, wide toe box) as well as the ankle brace I like to wear inside the right shoe whenever I know I will be on my feet for a long time. I bought a pair of the white 623's and was very pleased. I wore them for about a week, confirmed that they would work well for me, and then ordered a second pair in black. When the black shoes arrived, I noticed extra brochures/information in the box describing the black shoes as meeting certain standards for non-slippage (I assume a workplace safety issue), but didn't think too much about it. I wore the shoes for several hours today, and they do not fit the same as the white shoes! When I wore the brace, it shifted my foot forward so that the toe box was tight (not a problem with the white shoes). I went back and looked at the original shoe boxes and noticed that the white shoes are listed as "WX623-WB" while the black ones are "WX623-AB". Unfortunately, it is too late for me to return them for a larger size. I understand that New Balance has many styles and lasts and that fit varies among them, but I naively thought New Balance would standardize the fit for all shoes in the same, 623 line.
I usually buy men's sized shoes in order to get a shoe wide enough for me. I ordered these to see how they would work and they are great! Men's sizes tend to also have oversized footbeds, etc. It is nice to have a women's styled shoe that is wide enough for my feet. It accommodates my orthotics and gives good support. I would buy again.

I found the shoe WX623 to be a wonderful cross trainer and very true to size.
These shoes are great! I got a half size larger than I usually wear and they fit great. The have really helped with my plantar fasciitis and I can do Zumba again with very little pain!
