ASICS GEL-Foundation Walker 2® 
Finally a black comfy and supportive shoe I can wear during my 12-14 hour days/nights on concrete and marble flooring walking 4-12 miles.  I've had a dozen or more surgeries on my feet to reconstruct issues from a birth defect so finding shoes is always a miserable experience. I appreciate that this shoe is truly all black and blends well with black pants without automatically looking like a clunky tenny. My feet are size 6.5 double wide. I only purchase a longer length to accommodate my toes that don't touch the ground.  This one is a keeper. Finally. 
These shoes are great especially for walking. They're very nicely cushioned, but not so much that they make your feet feel off center. Great fit, I always order Asics in a 1/2 size larger. Great, comfy, nice shoe.
I was concerned with the sizing after reading the other reviews, but these shoes (Size 11) fit me perfectly. I wore them the first day for 8+ hours on my feet on hard surfaces. Excellent support with no foot, knee, back, or hip pain. I will definitely buy another pair as soon as they get some in my size. I have Saucony, Orthaheel, and Skechers also and these Asics are definitely the best of the lot for comfort and support.
This shoe is comfortable and true to size. I wanted an athletic shoe that was all white. This shoe seems a bit pricey, but I needed it and they had my size. The arch support is ok, but I have had better. I have worn them a lot and they always feel good. They are also very light weight which is nice.
These are really comfortable.  That's everything to me in a sneaker.  I have a knee problem and need good support, especially when I am on my feet most of the day.  These are very cute, too.  I did heed other reviews and bought a half-size up and they fit perfectly, with ample room for wiggling your toes. 
very good walking shoe. true to size also. I only wear asics for their great comfort and support. This shoe will not let you down!
I've got a Morton's neuroma in one of my feet, and need a wide shoe to provide extra room in the toe box. On me, this shoe's "double wide" size was not wide enough to prevent pressure across the forefoot.
Given the reviews I did order these shoes half a size larger. I never really had to do that before and the extra wide always worked. I have various foot and back problems. These shoes hurt my right foot as soon as I received them. I was really upset because I love black sneakers.
This may be the most comfortable walking shoe I have ever worn.  he gel in the sole allows me to walk much further than I could before.  My only complaint is that although these were a size wide, the shoelaces were barely long enough to tie a teeny bow after I had my feet in the shoes.  Since all shoe manufacturers seem to be using synthetic, slippery material for laces, I had to stop every ten minutes or so to re-tie my shoes.  The laces were not long enough to tie into a bow-knot. I went and bought some longer laces, and now am completely happy.
