inov-8 Bare-XF™ 210
I bought a 1/2 size larger so I can wear thick socks for rope climbs. Yet, they don't feel overly large on me. They are light and I really like the look of them. Great workout shoe.
Good service. Prompt delivery. Excellent product for crossfitters. True size and fit. Lightweight but okay for running/jumping/weight lifting.
I bought this specifically for crossfit and this shoe is great! Although I went a half size down and that works for me. I use them for crossfit and track shoes. I love them and will buy another pair.
My first pair of Crossfit shoes. Pretty close to true size. I wear10.5 in Nike and 11 in puma and I bought the 10.5 inov8s. Fit perfect.  Have had them for a month. Use them 4 to 5 times a week and they are holding up well. No complaints at all. 
These are my first minimal sneakers. I should have tried it on in a store before purchasing them. I needed to go 1/2 size up. I don't know why they are not available in wider widths like NB sneakers. Anyway, I'm glad they have the free shipping. I was able to return them and buy another pair. By the way, why don't they have an exchange system. I had to return the first pair and buy another pair. So far so good. I'm still getting used to them.
Many reviews had this shoe running large, so I ordered a half size small. I should have ordered my 10's, as the 9.5's are too small. From my experience, these run true to size. Great shoe it seems though, and I have ordered a larger pair. 
The sole is so thin, it started hurting my feet and calves when I ran a quarter mile. You really need to start with short distance, and increase little by little. The toe box is huge, but, compared to that, the mid section is not so wide for my wide feet. The green color is great. It looks like neon green from the photos here, but it actually is bright green, not neon. Very lightweight with good ventilation. Normally I wear dress shoes in size 7, and exercise shoes in size 7.5 or 8. And size 8 of this shoe fits me well.
Pre-CrossFit, I wore regular running shoes in the gym except for certain exercises, such as the squat and deadlift where I wore puma speedcats or just shoeless. This wasn't going to work for CrossFit WODs where running or lots of movement was involved. I was looking at the F-Lite 195s when I came across these. After a few workouts, I can say I am satisfied with them. They are as close to working out barefoot as you can get. I'd say they run just a little large, maybe a half size. For me, going from a 13 to a 12 would have been too much. My feet are also closer to wide width, but no problem with these. Lots of room in the toe. Note about the clear rubber-like material. When I first put them on out of the box, I was concerned about the stiffness and it rubbing the top of my foot right behind my big toe. After a short break in period, I don't even notice it.
I heard they ran small so ordered a larger size than normal but ended up returning them for my normal size. They ran right on and are a great shoe, haven't done a Crossfit workout without them since I got them out of the box.
Great shoes for crossfit/Olympic lifting. They fit true to size. The grip the sole of the shoe provides is impressive. I upgraded to these from New Balance minimus, and it's amazing how much of a difference this shoe makes. I haven't used them for rope climbing yet but it seams like they will work great as the plastic on top is thicker than it appears.
