inov-8 X-Talon™ 190
This shoe offers incredible traction. I bought this for two purposes. I play tournament paintball and use this sneaker on artificial turf. It has incredible grip and it doesn't feel like I have anything on my foot. It's got a very natural feel, and the fit is very true to size. I also bought these to use in the Tough Mudder series as well to. I've competed in a couple of them so far in sneakers and heard that Inov-8 is a go to shoe for mountain/endurance racing as well...so I'm looking forward to my next TM event to give these a go. So far, so good as a turf shoe though!
I got these after doing some research for minimalist trail running shoes. I'm an avid Vibram runner, and only recently started with trails, mainly Indiana forestry trails. These are steep, muddy, and covered with rocks and roots and lots of foliage. I was having a lot of foot pain running on gravel paths or stepping on odd roots, along with too many slips and slides. These shoes have a very small drop heel to toe, and are exceptionally light. Also the incorporation of a thin midsole and the deep lugs gave me that little bit of protection that I wanted without sacrificing the minimalist feel. The lugs are not rigid rubber, but rather have a nice amount of give. On concrete you feel like you're walking on mini marshmallows. Granted these are a trail only shoe, and they excel there. Muddy hills are taken with confidence. I'm no longer scanning for debris and traction paths, just debris. For sizing, I didn't have to go up any, which I normally do because I have wide feet. Apparently running shoes aren't often made with width sizes. Since these are all mesh sided though they give enough that it wasn't an issue. At first I was leery of the open design for allowing water in and out. Running through 30 degree creeks didn't sound like fun, but actually it's turned out better than I expected. I have other shoes that are waterproof, and the problem there is water gets in the top, and stays in. With these the water is in and squeezed back out after a few footfalls. By the end of a trail with 5 creeks that are 1 foot deep by 5 feet wide, my socks were just damp. My feet were never numbed, and actually warmed back up from the running quickly once the water is evacuated. The only thing I wish is for color options. Yes, these are deep trail shoes, but still they are a violently loud red.
