Nike Lunarglide+ 3 Breathe
I have been eyeing these shoes for a few months now. I finally decided to purchase them in the black/white/hot punch in my usual true Nike size 8.5. I received them as quickly as usual and am so pleased with my purchase. Great price, they look awesome, and the comfort is incredible. I like a lot of support because I run and I am not fond of the lighter, runner shoes from Nike, but these are perfect. I really recommend them if you need high support. Just to walk in them is so comforting. I receive compliments everywhere I go in the them from the gym to when I run errands after it. People just scream out "Wow, I love your shoes!" I really recommend getting these while they last in the color!
I absolutely love these. My knees bother me sometimes and I was surprised at how much padding there is. You can see from the side of the shoe that when I take a step the heel of the shoe absorbs any shock. I do not have any complaints (or pain) while on my runs. Love! I'm not crazy about the style but do like the colors and for me comfort is everything. I'm a 7.5 and sized up for comfort. I recommend sizing a half up.
I normally wear a 7.5 medium (although my sizes vary from 7-7.5 wide to 7.5-8 medium), and I purchased these sneakers in 7.5 despite reading reviews to go half a size up. I'm glad I got my normal size because my toes still have wiggle room, however, my heels slip out when I walk. The shoes are very comfortable as they are, and I'm not sure if I should exchange them for a 7 because it'll likely be too small for me. Pity that Nike doesn't make wide widths, which I think would have made more sense because their Lunarglide series is geared towards those with wide feet that tend to overpronate.
I have literally tried on every running and cross-training shoe out there and this one is by far the best. And I am not usually a Nike fan. Style wise they are not as loud or busy as most other workout shoes, which is a plus. They are super lightweight with a padded tongue and collar so no break-in time needed. They are perfectly cushioned to give you that spring and keep your feet from aching. I have high arches and they give good support there as well. Order half a size up! By the way, I know these are for men but I am a woman and ordered a size 7½ (which is a 9 for women and I usually wear an 8½). Even if you happen to have narrow feet, the laces adjust so that you would be comfortable in them.
