Born Kai
Bummed to be returning this super cute shoe! It is at least a half-size if not a full size too small and on my slightly wide foot these were a little narrow but tolerable. If Born were to reissue this shoe with corrected sizing at the same price point I would definitely purchase multiple pairs. Perfect shoe for running around in without looking too sloppy.  A nice replacement for my beloved Simple shoes which are no longer being made.
These do run a little tight in the toe box,   I could size up a half size but I feel like my heel would slip out if I did so I'm going to keep them and hope they'll stretch a little.   They are otherwise comfortable and look great!
These are very cute! I got the grey color. The laces are a little more beige than I expected, but they look great. I normally wear a 10½ (or 10W - neither of which is easy to find), but I size up to 11 in Born shoes, and these were as expected. They are a tad scratchy around the ankle (there is not really any padding there), but I have worn them twice all day, and it was not a problem.
I bought the Born Kai for a trip to Europe where I'd be doing a lot of walking. I wanted something with the comfort of an athletic shoe, but little more "chic" for wandering the streets of Paris. These were perfect - comfortable right from the start. I bought a size 8.5 (my usual size) and the fit was true to size.
I LOVE these! The color is so neutral, it goes with everything. It looks "sporty" without looking like a sneaker, exactly what I wanted. They are very well-made, true to size, beautiful.

Really comfortable and classic looking, without being too clunky. Padded tongue is comfortable without socks. True to size (7), but a little loose in the heel for me. Midnight color is a nice neutral, great with skinny jeans, shorts, skorts, etc.
I was looking for a casual "sneaker". Something that didn't look like I was on my way to the gym that would be suitable for sight-seeing or just running errands. They could work with jeans, crop pants, shorts, even a casual skirt. This is a very comfortable shoe - no heel rubbing. As with all Born shoes, I ordered a half-size up because their styles tend to be narrow. The laces are plenty long to double-knot, too. I have gotten many compliments on these.
This shoe is a full size smaller than what I normally get when I order a size 9, and very narrow. I could barely get my foot in there at all, so I didn't bother trying to tie it. (Wide shoes are too wide for me in general, but regular width shoes are a bit narrow now and then, so I assume I'm right there on the line between wide and regular.) It's a good quality, well made shoe. Maybe not quite as retro cute as I thought. The "midnight" looked like a dark charcoal gray on my computer, but is actually a dull navy.
This shoe is so very comfortable! My feet are a bit arthritic and I have a high arch and it's hard for me to find comfortable shoes. I usually don't buy shoes online, I like to try them on. I took a chance on these and I'm glad I did. I love them. I bought a half size larger just to be safe and they fit perfect. 
