SKECHERS Agility
Great company...great product. I ordered two different sizes of the same shoe so I was able to try them both and return the other pair free of charge. I love the service!
I'm not one to write reviews, but I felt that I simply had to praise these amazing shoes. I bought size 10 M and as one other reviewer said, it feels like you are walking on a cloud. These shoes are extremely comfortable and I highly recommend them. I have long and slender feet and they fit perfectly. They even make my feet look smaller. I broke my joint below my left toe and I have to wear a clumsy orthopedic shoe on that foot. It has a half inch sole and I was looking for a shoe to compliment that height on my other foot, and to compensate for the awkward gait/limp (especially since I have to travel to Germany in a couple of weeks and need a good shoe to walk around different airports). The Sketchers Agility fits the bill and my back is actually feeling less pull and stress. I've always liked Sketchers, but now I'm in love with that brand!
Amazing Sneaker!
I've been having difficulties finding cute, comfy shoes in my size that I actually like (getting several and sending them back because they didn't fit the bill in one way or the other) when I came across this shoe and the reviews. They're super comfy, my feet feel great, and I'm spoiled because I've got two pairs of Saucony Jazz sneakers that as anyone who has worn them knows, they're like walking on pillows or having a down jacket for your feet (as in cozy, not overly warm). Well, these are a great alternative and I'm so glad I've gotten back to a really cute, white sneaker. I have sneakers in almost every color of the rainbow, so I'm glad to have a nice neutral white one in my closet. They're a bit "chunky", but I like that look. It makes my feet look less long. Plus, while I don't have very wide feet, they're a teensy bit wider than average, so these fit great. No smooshed toes, no annoying seams rubbing against my feet. Just great sneakers all in all.
The heel is too wide - 
These are cute shoes, but the heel doesn't fit close around the ankle/heel. It's just too wide. I suspect this shoe is made on a "last" for a man and is just sized as a woman's.
I couldn't get the insole out to put my own in, which is really bad in my opinion (I like to replace the insole every three months). For exercise/training, you can't beat Ryka.

