OluKai Moloa
True to size. Extremely comfortable. Serious Dirt just brushes right off. Go anywhere style. 
Amazing! Comfort and class in one shoe. The craftsmanship is second to none and the comfort is superb. I have high arches and wide feet so finding shoes is very difficult for me. These are my wedding shoes to go with mt linen suit. It looks amazing! Great leather! I usually wear a size 11 1/2 or 12. Size 11 fit the bill.
I took the advice of other reviews who said the shoe runs up to a full size large and ordered a 10, 9.5, and 9.0 (I normally wear a 9.5-10). Wearing socks, the 9.5 fit me perfectly while the 10 left about 3/4" of room in the toe (the 9 was way too small). I think maybe the folks who review the shoe as being too large were expecting something like the Sanuk Vagabonds which are basically glorified flip flops, and tried them on without socks? What one needs to remember is that these are shoes, not beach sandals. I found them to be true to size. As for the shoe itself, they are really roomy and they fit my wide feet perfectly. They are not cushy due to lack of midsole so they would be good for kicking around the home or office, not so much if you have to pound the pavement a lot (I bought them to wear as casual work shoes). They are a bit hot on my feet as well. But they look great, feel pretty good, and are made at a level of quality I've come to expect from OluKai.
I bought these for my husband , after seeing them in Hawaii. We ordered them and he loves them. All his friends want them too. I will say they run wide, and run a half size smaller then true size... so, just keep that in mind when ordering. They are great for summer casual dress and hanging out around town or pool-side. The backs can fold down as a slip on! Love these! Must have for summer!
These are the coolest loafers around. Well made, stylish, comfy, lots of color choices, great with or without socks, washable insole. This style I had to get a size smaller than I normally wear. I love this shoe!
This shoe is by far the most comfortable pair I've owned! FYI...I went 1/2 size below my normal size as they run big. I wear even with bus casual attire because my other dressier shoes are just not as comfortable. You will not be disappointed!
