Nike Musique III SL
I bought a pair of these several years ago I believe when they first came out. I didn't think at first they would be comfortable to wear on a regular basis but I loved the style and the fact that they were very lightweight. Needless to say, I wore them out everywhere and every day. I have yet to find another sneaker as comfortable as those were. I have tried over the years to find another pair and up until today I had no luck what so ever in finding them, at least in my size, which is an 11. I tried every store, other websites over the years and could not get my size. Finally! I should've ordered 2 pair to be safe but I was just so happy to get them finally!
Love these shoes! Great price and very stylish. I use them for my zumba class and they are super comfortable and flexible enough for all the dance steps. I'm considering buying another pair to have as backup for when the ones I have get old. One note, I usually order a size larger, but I could've gone with a 1/2 size larger on these.
These shoes are not ment for wide feet.  They would have been comfortable if they were wider and a 1/2 size smaller.  I normally wear and 8, but my heals kept slipping out of them.  They will be returned.
I bought these for Zumba class and they are great for that purpose. I bought 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size and the fit was good.
I ordered a 1/2 size up and that was fine. Shoes are more supportive than my meshy running shoes, better for Zumba and recommended by the instructor
These shoes are very cute, but ended being more painful than they were worth. When they arrived, there was glue residue all over the bottom of the shoe. They fit my size 9 foot really well. The problem arose when after walking in them for several hours, the top half of the shoe began to bend and cause quite a bit of pain to the top of my foot. I just couldn't walk in them anymore. Great for looks, but not very practical when it comes to walking. I was sad to return them, but there was no point in keeping them. 
I bought an almost identical pair five years ago, and they were among my best all-purpose black athletic shoes ever! However, this version seems to be a tiny bit tighter, may 1/4 to a half size smaller than the ones I originally bought. If I had to do it again, I would buy the next half size up. I also restrung the shoelaces because there is a stability strip on the tongue of the shoe which makes it even tighter.
The shoes are very comfortable for zumba.  I ordered 1/2 size larger, but should of ordered a full size larger.
