Saucony Grid Cohesion 5
These sneakers are extremely comfortable. It is difficult for me to find sneakers because I wear a size 11W and other brands' wide shoes are not always wide enough for me. These fit very well and I will definitely come back to this brand again.
These are perfect. They were comfortable right out of the box, and provide just the right amount of space in front of the toes. I compared these shoes to the Asics Gel-Kanbarra, which had too much lift in the heel, and the Nike Alvord 10 which was too small and tight in the 8D, my usual size. I am usually a New Balance person, but these Saucony shoes have won me over. The only flaw is that they are a little too bright and reflective to double as casual street shoe, but they are still nice looking shoes.
Love these! Unlike many reviews I find these to be near true to size...I'm a 7 1/2, ordered these regular width and have a wide foot. I could almost have ordered a half a size "smaller." I walk dogs for the humane society and wore these this afternoon...totally comfortable and my plantar fasciitis didn't act up a bit!
I was having trouble finding a good running shoe that was comfortable and didn't squish my wide feet. Then I tried these on and they fit like a glove. I got them in a 7.5W (true to size), and I'm so happy I found these! I kept trying on the Nikes and Asics running shoes but came short when they were all too narrow! These shoes are great for people who have wide feet...just get them in Wide!
This is the best shoe I have ever bought. Being a wide feet person, always had to compromise with shoes, especially running ones. It used to hurt my toes while hiking or walking. After ordering a 8W of these Saucony shoes (thanks for having the 'W' sizes) not just was able to walk without any problem, but now I have started running with these shoes and my toes don't hurt anymore. They are very light and comfortable. 'll order one more pair of these shoes.
Shoe fits well on my wide foot.  I have a high arch and wide foot.  I am a size 8.5- 9 in womans shoes but I ordered an 8.5 and it was great.  wish the blue was available though.
I believe this is my 5th or 6th pair of Saucony's that I have bought now & these are just as good & reliable & sturdy & comfortable as previous purchases. True to size, great colors, supportive for running or walking or other exercise.
I love these shoes! I am a nurse and wear these on 12 hour night shifts. My feet feel fine at the end of the night. I love the look. Saucony's just sell themselves...wonderful brand and shoe! One thing to note is that I usually wear a 7.5 and have a medium width foot. I buy my Saucony's in size 8.
I absolutely love this sneaker! It's true to size and perfect if you have issues with pain in the balls of your feet. There is wonderful cushioning like you're walking on air! I also get tons of compliments on this color combo! A winner!
This is a great running shoe for the price. Make sure you order a half size larger than you would for a non-running shoe, your feet will thank you.

Saucony is the best and this is one of their most affordable options.
My husband has a hard time finding shoes that fit his size 14 foot. He tried these on & could tell immediately they were extremely comfortable - and I was happy he had a stylish shoe!
Very impressed with this shoe for the price.  Very true to size, incredibly comfortable, and looks even better than the picture.
