Ryka Sport Walker advance™
This is the fourth pair I have bought because of the great comfort I get wearing the Ryka Sport Walker for walking long distances. I did order a half size larger than my normal shoe size which fits perfectly with the socks I wear. For me, the best part is that the insoles are removable and the shoe accommodates my custom orthotics comfortably.
Great looking shoe and true to size. I was looking for a walking shoe that was all leather and not mesh so these are perfect.
These walkers are terrific! I walk two miles each morning and my feet never complain in my Rykas. I've tried other walking shoes and always come back to Ryka. Do order a half size up.
Love them!  I'm usually a size 12, but the 11 fit me perfectly. Light shoes, stable base.  I'm heavy and have a number of foot problems and these shoes are helping me get moving without any pain.
I bought these not to long ago.I ordered size 9.5 they fit good ,but they feel sloppy on my feet around the heel and arch.I have ordered this Ryka before and love them. Couldn't find theh same shoe.
This is the best money that I have spent in a long time. It is my first pair of Rykas and I am seriously impressed. I was hoping for moderately acceptable walking shoes and this model has exceeded my expectations in fit, weight, support, comfort, and price! Somehow, they are light and comfortable, while feeling substantial. I wear a size 10, have wide feet with stubby toes and pronate markedly. It remains to be seen how they wear over the miles to come, but if they feel this good after a week, I am ordering another pair! The image led me to believe that shoes might be a light gray (though the description does say white) but they are true white with some silvery reflective trim that is not over the top. The soles have a subtle downward arch, designed to roll the feet forward in a natural stride and they feel very well-balanced and comfortable. There is nothing gimmicky like air or fluid pockets in the heel that collapse. My first impression is that they are very good, solid walker's shoes for an excellent price.
I love these shoes. Best buy yet. I use to buy Ryka's all the time then started have a hard time finding them in size 12. The heel has a that spring that pushes you forward. Love!
I owned one other pair of Ryka walkers before this and specifically looked for this brand because I liked it so much. I find the brand runs small, so order at least a half size up. This particular pair has an almost unnoticeable rocker in the sole, but does round outward. In general, a good pair of sneakers. Will buy Ryka brand from now on.
Shoe seems to run about a 1/2 size smaller.  I consistently wear an 8 but had to buy 8.5 in this shoe.  Also I overpronate and the shoe did not offer the support I needed.  Otherwise very comfortable nice shoe.
