Reebok RealFlex Scream 
I use it as running shoes. They are really soft and comfortable, but providing enough fixation for jogging or running. No discomfort in my knees and ankles after running on hard surface. I had been making choice between sizes 7 and 7.5 and finally choose 7.5, (my usual size) though first impression was that it felt a little loose. Kate
Love them! They are so light and airy! These are my second pair of RealFlex. They move with your foot. True to size also.
Very comfortable. Extremely lightweight. Highly recommend. I went a half size up due to width.
These shoes are so light and cushiony, when I tried these on I felt like I was walking on clouds! I have been suffering from plantar fasciitis (tendon problem in heel) in one foot, so I have been very careful selecting shoes. Since these flex more than other shoes, I removed the liner that came with the shoe and inserted the (doctor-recommended) more rigid and supportive orthotic. I just spent 10 days in England, walking at least 5 miles per day, and when I wore these shoes I was completely unaware of my feet and able to "keep on truckin'." Definitely will buy another pair of RealFlex shoes. Oh, and I wear a size 11 - usually hard to find and fit!
These are some of the most comfortable shoes I own. I use them for gym workouts. I'm not certain these would be sturdy enough to use for running. I typically wear a 9 1/2 in athletic shoes. I needed these in a size 9.
I am in love with these shoes! I'm so tempted to order another pair in a different color. Realflex shoes are the only shoes I don't get shin splints in. They are super comfy and supportive. My old pair from last year are the suede ones, and were a half size bigger. I was hesitant to order a half size down, because things like that never apply to my feet! But the half size down in this style fit perfectly, so this style does run a little big. Order these shoes now, you won't be sorry!
My size is 7-7½ narrow to medium depending on style/brand. I ordered the 7, based on reviews it runs half a size big. The 7 fit perfectly! I tried them on, and literally have been wearing them nonstop! They provide tons of cushioning. I mean awesome squishy dense springy cushions! I was not sure about the minimalist style shoes, but my personal trainer recommended them. I love them so much, that I bought another pair!
