Converse Chuck Taylor® All Star® Dainty Ox
I love them! They are so cute, and not clunky at all. I wish they had half sizes. They do run pretty narrow though, so if you have wide feet, these are definately not for you.
Very cute and stylish. Not clunky like the traditional converse sneakers. My very 1st pair of Converse. Everyone should have a pair. It does run small and I'm glad I read the reviews and ordered up a size. I normally wear a 7 and got an 8.
I'm very happy with my new "Dainty" Chuck Taylors. The thinner sole definitely makes my feet look less clunky and clownish than they do in the classic Chuck Taylor. I've also found that they are true to size; I am an 8 in most shoes, ordered an 8 in these, and they fit perfectly.
These are super cute and less chunky looking than the original Chucks. I think they're much more versatile, but as many other reviewers have mentioned, these are narrower and shorter than the originals. I have had many pairs of the originals for years and always worn a size 6, but when I got these "Dainty Ox" in size 6 they were SO tight! 

Also, like someone else mentioned, the inside of the part where the tongue meets the toe has this piece of fabric that rubbed against my pinky toe and made it really uncomfortable. I imagine if I had actually walked around in these for a few minutes I would have gotten a blister in that spot almost immediately.

Fortunately, sizing up to a 7 solved all those problems. When I physically held the size 7 Dainty Ox against my size 6 original Chucks, they were the same length, but the Dainty Ox still looked a tiny bit narrower.

I'm glad I got these and I will totally buy them again, but Converse needs to fix their sizing on this shoe!
Should have gotten a bigger size, all of my chucks are the same size but these fit a little too snug. Guess I'm going to have to break them in. Cute shoes though.
If you are ordering a pair of these Converse, be aware of the fact that these run small. For example, I ordered a size 7 and when I received them they barely fit at all. So make sure if you do buy these shoes (which I suggest you don't) order a size or two larger than you normally would.
You need to order a size up. I normally wear a woman's size 7 and my toe is jammed to the tip of the toe box and these shoes are very narrow, my foot feels like it is exploding through the canvas. I'm torn because I want to try out an 8, but I really think even a size up won't solve the narrowness.
Love them, have to get a larger size. I usually wear a women's 6 (men's 4) in Converse, these are smaller and more narrow. And I think they are more comfortable than traditional Converse!
