PUMA Clyde Script
These are awesome shoes. I love them! I am used to the Adidas Gazelle's sizes, but the size I received for these was at least a size bigger although they are marked as the same size.
I LOVE these shoes!  But with a size 10 shoe, these looked like skis.  Or maybe paddles to a rowboat.  Not flattering on larger feet AT ALL.

Boo!  I wanted to keep them!
Bought these for my son who was looking for comfortable, unique shoes.  True to size and great fit for his wide feet.  He loves them, and especially the cool Clyde trademark.
Love them! Feel good, look great. Get lots of comments. Fair price. Easy shipping. Remember that for Puma you generally need a size larger than normal. 
I've always bought Converse shoes and after trying a few different puma's, i like the Clyde the best. They're not as comfortable as the Liga or S Vulc, but they also don't make your feet look huge like most Puma shoes. I recommend getting a half size smaller than your normal shoe size, if you're used to Converse shoes. 
I use this shoe to break dance, I'll admit, it's maybe a little heavier than I imagine did was going to be. I also have a wide foot and so I had to go up half a size and it fits great just for chillin and walking around but I have a harder time dancing in them.
These are great stylish, comfortable, and they look great with the classic abercrombie straight jeans. They run true to size so buy your size. I love these Pumas so much that I went and ordered three more. They are must haves in your casual sneaker collection.
These shoes remind me of when I was a kid, Puma Clydes were in style back then. These shoes are comfortable and stylish, however I would not recommend these shoes for working out or a great deal of walking. I've had 3 pairs of these shoes over the past couple of years and put a lot of wear and tear on them. The soles are he first part of the shoe that I noticed started to deteriorate in the first two months of use. If you just use these shoes for style, you'l be very pleased with them. 

Also, I read some previous reviews that state that the Clydes and Suedes tend to run small. I have not found that to be true, I ordered my regular size and they fit fine. 
