inov-8 Roclite™ 268
Love these shoes, run everything from 4 to 16 miles in them! They are great! Great climbing rubber, stick to everything! Prob a 2 week break in- adjustment time for my feet where I kept it low mileage Toe box is kinda big, got a 6, which I wear in wave-runners prob could go down a half size.
This is a very nice shoe but not wide enough in the toe box. Like all running shoes, I ordered a 1/2 size larger than my regular size, and it fit everywhere else just fine.

The inov-8 Roclite 275 Gore-Tex was so amazing that I wanted a non Gore-Tex version. Tried the Roclite 268 because it was on sale. A totally different shoe. Both fit closer that my normal size 9, but the 275 felt great that way. My toes touch the end of the shoe in the 268. Will try a half size up.

I bought these specifically for a trip abroad, and they worked great! The shoes are supportive in tough terrain, but they're light and breathable for city walking. I replaced the insoles since the stock are basic. I also ordered 0.5 size larger, and it's perfect. The shoes are on the narrow side, but this worked well for me since my feet are pretty narrow.

This was my first true sport shoe I bought, as I always hiked or ran with shoes that, while they were deemed athletic, would leave blisters on my heels or toes. I decided to invest on these shoes, hoping I chose the right ones, and yep! I love these shoes. I have hiked and ran on asphalt, mud, rock, pine needles for usually nine hours and I have not had any blisters or callouses. They provide excellent grip and traction on rock, which was a pleasant surprise as I was also used to slipping on other shoes. These shoes are not that waterproof, since one may feel wet if one landed on a puddle, but they dry quickly and resist mud and marshy terrain very well. I am a US 6½, more of narrow width although B/M tend to fit me fine too, depending on the shoe mostly, and I found this shoe true to size and width, as well with great arch support.
When I first slipped this shoes on they felt like old friends. I use them to run my dog in agility. They have a nice grip and lightweight. I did buy a 1/2 size bigger as they seem to run a little small.
