Five Ten Guide Tennie
These shoes are great. I first wore them on a climbing trip in Yosemite about ten years ago. They were extremely comfortable and grippy. In fact I only had to put on my climbing shoes for the more technical pitches. They smear great but doesn't edge quite as well (but what kinda approach shoes can?) they're quite light so they're not as noticeable when you throw them in a haul bag compared to say, camp fours or the insights. The downside is that the insoles flattened out really quickly, they have close to no arch support, and descending a big wall with a heavy pack on gave me sore feet. Once I threw my orange superfeet in them they were much better. Since then I've gotten three more pairs of these. I've noticed that they've changed the size of the dots on the soles and the rubber seems a bit more durable compared to the older models. I also think they've changed their adhesive as I haven't had the soles falling apart quite as much as the ones that came out two years ago. They're constantly tweaking them but as far as I can tell, it's for the better. And they are now made in the USA instead of Korea without changing the price. Huge plus in my books!
I purchased these shoes when I was hired at a local retailer as seasonal help. No matter what shoes I wore, my feet were miserable by quitting time. I am 57 years old, am now working 8-12 hours a day, walking, and re-stocking shelves (lots of bending and moving) and my feet feel great. Plus, these shoes have a very slim-looking profile that I love since I have size 11 feet! I will definitely buy these again!
This is a really neat looking shoe however, it runs small. I ordered half a size larger than normal and it is very tight in the toe area.  At the same time I purchased Merrell Mimosa Lace in the same size.  It fits and looks great.  These shoes are  very light.
These are excellent combination approach and climbing shoes! I have worn them on alpine hike/climb combination in Colorado as well as technical climbs up to 5.7 to 5.8. The rubber grips well to all sorts of rock even when wet. While great for easy climbing and rock scrambling these shoes have limited edging capabilities so climbing harder technical routes could get tricky in them.Just as a reference, I generally wear size 12 narrow in woman's and went with the size 11 (9.5 in mans) in this shoe. They fit well with socks and the full laces let me snug them up tightly for harder climbs or loosen them up for approaches.
Yes it is true these are about a half size smaller than stated. They are built that way I believe so you can also use them as quasi climbing shoes. I am a 10.5 and wear an 11 in the tennis shoes. They break in very nicely and fit well. I just ordered a new pair after my wife yelled at me for wearing them. They were about 5 years old and were definitely showing their wear. I wore them everywhere and they held up well.not bad as comfy climbing shoes either for 5.5-5.8, if you don't want to jam your feet into reg climbing shoes. I'll probably still keep the old ones as working shoes because I love them so much!
This is not made to be a regular "everyday" sport shoe. It is a really nice approach shoe for rock climbing and bouldering. The C4 dot tread has excellent adhesion properties for long flat slabs and smooth boulders. If you order this shoe in your actual size, it will give you a snug fit similar to a climbing shoe without the pain. Keep your toenails trimmed back and you can wear this shoe all day for some 5.9 fun climbs. The laces are way too long, so you might have to trim them to feel secure that you won't get tangled in them.
Love. These. Shoes. These are now my favorite shoes. I use them for everyday wear and mountain biking. They are wicked stylish and well constructed. I wasn't sure about them to begin with. The soles are very stiff out of the box, and it takes several wearings for them to loosen up. As others have mentioned, they are low cut and have a very low arch, which for me is a huge bonus. They are great for building your arches and keeping them strong. I can also confirm what others have mentioned as well about them running a size too small. I had to send back my first pair and order larger ones. Anyway, overall, much love for the Guide Tennies. Just give them a chance to get broken in. Oh, one last thing, the stealth rubber is by no means "non marking." I was surprised by how easily they will leave marks on the floor. Not a deal breaker by any means, but it seemed strange to me. I've never seen anything like it.
