Bloch Apex
These are too slippery on wooden floors.  The size is about half size too small so order up a half size
Great shoe! I am a zumba instructor and this gives me a great "spin" on the sole. I use it on a mat and on a hardwood dance floor. Works well on both. Shoe runs small though, so order at least a full size up.
Brought these shoes a half size larger then I normally wear and they fit great.  Wonderful for Zumba class but don't feel they work as well for Aerobic class.
These are the perfect Zumba shoes! They are light, and flexible, with just enough support. I love the 'spin spot' on the ball of the foot. The size, and color are perfect! I will order them in another color soon!
est shoes for Zumba on CARPET. Slip-on carpet gliders don't work for me because they make me slip when I need to stay still. These work great. I wore a whole size larger than usual. Extremely breathable. Not amazing cushion, but I only wear them once a week. Great lateral edges don't come apart like regular cross-trainers. I will be taking these to Convention to wear on the carpet. I bought the plain Jane white because I think the colored versions are kinda ugly. Wish they would come in cute, modern colors.
These are good shoes for zumba and dance. As some people recommended I got a full size larger than my normal shoe size. The fit is good. I am glad I got the larger size.
I hesitated buying dance shoes for three years because they are so ugly, but after hurting my feet I figured I needed some. I saw these online and they were so cute. I ordered half a size bigger like the reviews said. I love these shoes! They make such a difference! They feel great on my feet and the bottoms of them help so much with dancing (Zumba). Do not hesitate, these shoes are totally worth it!
I purchased the black Apex to replace my Bloch Boost mesh sneaker. Was looking for something more "traditional" looking yet funky enough to make a statement leading Zumba class. They are fantastic! As with the other Bloch shoes I bought a full size larger than street shoe and they were perfect. Have since bought other colors. Keep 'em coming!
These shoes are perfect for Zumba! I slide around the floor nicely, yet stay in place when I need to. However, I will have to sell them or give them away. The inside of the shoe has no support- might as well be barefoot. So, if you need support in any way (arch or otherwise), these will have your feet aching within the hour. I even bought insoles in hopes of keeping the shoes and they didn't help. Bummed. Back to using my walking shoes. Ordered a 1/2 size bigger as suggested and they fit until I bought the insole. Shoes were a tiny bit narrow as I have neuromas and my toes need room to spread out.
Love this shoe!  Very comfortable and perfect for my Dance Trance class.  I highly recommend it.  Runs a bit small so just size up by a half size.  
