Patagonia Drifter A/C GORE-TEX®
These shoes rock! Literally, they go through rocks, sand, mud, rain, anything really while staying virtually clean because of the moisture wicking gore-tex. As for the issue of some reviews stating that the sizing is too small, I tend to disagree. Unless you're wearing some super-thick socks, I think that the sizing runs true, and I'm a consistent size 12. Wear 'em a lot the first few days to break them in and you'll have some nice hiking or all-around shoes for a few years depending on your use.
Great shoe and fast delivery as always. We bought a size larger because of reviews but ended up having to return for regular size.
Comfortable shoe with good traction.  I enjoy wearing them in most conditions for hiking.  I like the ease of tying them, puting them on and taking them off. The color choices are weak, and the style is a bit bland.  The sizing runs small, so I had to buy a larger size, but this is typical of such shoes.  
Yes, like all the other reviews, these shoes are very comfortable for a hiking shoe right out of the box. Why can't all hiking shoes be like this, instead of having to pay a lot of money for them, and have to turn around and purchase additional insoles to replace the factory insoles to make them comfortable. But, beware! They run small! A full size in my case. But then again, I had to do the same thing when I purchased 3 different pairs of Merrell hiking shoes. The shoes are expensive, particularly for a low cut hiking shoe. However, in this case the extra expense is well worth the comfort. The Gore-Tex may be unnecessary in a low cut shoe, but better safe than sorry. I highly recommend these shoes. Get 'em, you will be pleased.
I initially ordered a 10.5 which was tight all the way around.  The size 11 felt good.   The quality of materials and workmanship seem very good.  The shoe is very comfortable when walking around all day.   I have not carried a load with them yet but plan to use them for day hikes.  I would recommend them.
Sizing was small for me. I ended up going a full size larger.
I bought these to trek Kilimanjaro. I didn't want a shoe w/a full ankle as I wouldn't ever wear it again, and this style is more up my alley for non-Kili use. Could not have been happier with the performance of the shoe. It stayed dry in the wet/rain, was comfortable the whole time, and gave great traction up and down. Fellow trekkers gave the open ankle questioning looks, but it worked great for me, just sayin'. The hike really put these through the ringer, and they came out on top (no pun intended)- a big time 5 stars.

I wrote a review earlier and said that these were a size smaller than marked, but after wearing them around the apartment for a little while the insole molded to my foot, and the tightness turned into a great fit.

Nice shoe, but I ordered a size 11, and I usually wear 10 and a halfs, and they were still tight in the toe area wearing normal socks. If I was wearing thermal socks, they would have been way too small.
I bought these for my husband's birthday. He wears them almost every day at his job, which requires a lot of physical activity doing maintenance for a local company with several large stores. They fit him true to size and says they are very comfortable and durable.
This is a very attractive well fitting quality shoe. I was undecided between this shoe and the Patagonia Drifter A/C in turkish brown so I ordered both to compare and I chose this shoe because of the Gore-Tex and the color. The color is more on the green side then I expected but nevertheless it is attractive. I typically wear Ecco (size 42) but my recent switch to Patagonia (size 9½) may place this brand just ahead of the Ecco for future shoe purchases. Time will tell.
I am simply amazed with this shoe or rather short hiking boot. I have worn Patagonia hiking socks for years now (an absolutely awesome sock; they last forever) and after seeing that the Patagonia Drifter A/Cs received the 2010 Outside Gear of the Year Award I decided to give them a try. Wow! Absolutely no break-in period for me; super comfortable; discreet; and well made. These shoes are indeed tough as nails and they do appear to be really holding up to the Afghan environment. As a High-Risk Close Protection Officer I am on my feet constantly. In our trade besides one's eyes one also needs to take very good care of their feet. I have never skimped on buying the best quality footwear, socks, and sunglasses available. These shoes are definitely worth every penny I spent on them - I will continue to stick with Patagonia for shoes and of course their wonderful socks. I had to return the first pair I ordered for a size bigger... they ran a little small for me.
I am simply amazed with this shoe or rather short hiking boot. I have worn Patagonia hiking socks for years now (an absolutely awesome sock; they also last forever) and after seeing that the Patagonia Drifter A/Cs received the 2010 Outside Gear of the Year Award I decided to give them a try. Wow! Absolutely no break-in period for me; super comfortable; discreet; and well made. These shoes are indeed tough as nails and they do appear to be really holding up to the Afghan environment. As a High-Risk Close Protection Officer I am on my feet constantly. In our trade besides ones eyes one also needs to take very good care of their feet. So I have never skimped on buying the best quality footwear, socks, and sunglasses available. These shoes are definitely worth every penny I spent on them -  I will continue to stick with Patagonia for shoes and of course their wonderful socks. I had to return the first pair I ordered and get a size bigger... they ran a little small for me.
