PF Flyers Center Lo Re-Issue
LOVE THESE! I was going to order my regular chucks but decided to give these a try. and i absolutely love them. they have the same classic look but with the benefit of foot support. They are true to size I'm normally a woman's 8 on all shoes but since chucks run a bit bigger I get woman's 7.5 so I ordered the 7.5 on these and a they are a bit snug but I don't mind just next time ill order the 8.
I am VERY happy with these darling P.F. Flyers.  They are quite comfortable, cushioned, and have decent arch support.  They are way better than Converse by a long shot.  My shoe size runs anywhere between 6 and 6.5 so I went for the 6 because I will be wearing them without socks and they fit perfectly.  No width issues, no toe issues, and no heel issues.  I'm very happy with the P.F. Flyer brand and highly recommend them.
Great shoes. I've received many compliments on the looks. They're comfortable. Arch support with included inserts is okay to good, but I ended up taking them out and putting in PowerStep ProTech inserts for better support. Now they feel great. These might run a little small. I had to send back the size 11s I got and switch to 11.5s, and the size 10-10.5 inserts are a little bit too long for them still. These are extremely low cut, so I pretty much never wear socks with them. Even "no-show" socks show on these. Only loafer socks might look like you're not wearing socks.
I love these shoes!  I love the double cushioning which helps alot if you're walking or standing all day.  I'm still breaking them in.  Next time I think I'm going to go either 1/2 size up just for a little more comfort and flexibility.
Great sneaker. I'm on my 6th pair. In a world overrun by Chuck Taylors, these really stand out. I find them to be longer and more narrow than you might expect. I order 1/2 size up to give my toes a little more breathing room.
I love these shoes, though my feet at the toes are just a bit too wide and the shoe has no give for being broken in at the front, but I still make it work (it really isn't that bad). But smaller than your actual size. I had to go a full size smaller then my shoe size and returning though is very easy it still takes awhile for the whole process to be completed. All in all though, I would for sure buy these again.
Overall I like these shoes. I'm used to wearing athletic shoes so these felt unventilated to me, but most shoes do to me. I have narrow feet and these worked well in the size I bought, but somehow my pinky toes are getting pinched after I walk around. It's not so bad that I'll return them though.
I love these sneaks! I bought the Navy in my regular size. I have a very high instep and sometimes have to adjust how I order to accommodate that but didn't have to with these. Perfect fun! I can't wear Converse because the toe box is too long and curls up-no problem with these PFs. Plan to get another color.
Love these! Super cute and comfortable. I have had surgeries on both feet and I can wear these with my orthotics and be comfy all day!I did have to go a 1/2 size down from my usual size - they ran large.
I love these! They fit my foot very well and I think they look way cooler than Converse. They have a more attractive toe box that make my size 12 feet look smaller. I now have them in 5 colors!
I love these shoes! They are comfortable and have surprisingly good support. It's a good shoe to knock around in. I have wide feet, and the wide size fit perfectly. I'll say it again -- I love these shoes!

The sole feels extremely heavy and clunky. These definitely run big, I had to get a half size smaller than I normally do. Not a bad shoe, but definitely do not recommend for all day use.
