Five Ten Insight
Tight in Forefoot - 
I like Five-Ten shoes and love my Camp Fours. But my warning to future buyers of the Insight is that the forefoot feels cramped, and I think it is the last, not an incorrect size. I normally wear a 9.5, but my Five-Ten Camp Fours are a perfect fit in size 10 so I assumed the same would hold true for the Insight. I was wrong. I don't want to risk exchanging them for a 10.5 because I fear they may feel too big other than in the forefoot so I am wearing a light sock and hoping the leather will stretch. Otherwise, great sticky sole, and a solid, supportive. Well built shoe.

Ouch! They're too small!
Out of the box, these shoes are even more gorgeous than they appear in pictures. The leather/rubber finishing on the shoe is top-notch, making this a very sturdy-feeling piece of footwear. 
So... imagine my supreme disappointment when I tried these on only to find out that they feel almost a full size *too small*. For the record, I wear a size 13 (47 EUR). These shoes felt like 12s. In all my years buying shoes, I have never--not once--tried on a 13 shoe (athletic or otherwise) that was too small. 
I even tried thinner socks. No go. Different insoles? The size 13 insoles from all my other shoes were also *too small*--by at least a full size. Now what? Return these and order a 14? Do they even make a 14?

Five Ten Insight - 
Very comfortable shoe right out of the box. It runs a1/2 size small but the width is right on. The heel cup is very nice, secure but not tight. Lighter than I expected and I love the stealth sole. Great traction and a good solid feel on the ground. I bought this shoe to do light duty hiking off-road and in town waling and it's going to work great. 
Good fit.
I bought the same size as what I wear in a Nike sneaker. And they fit great. I wore them around the city to break them in. Not too stiff, but they don't cushion impact as well as sneakers. The Merrell Chameleon's are much more sneakerish...the 5.10's have more toe protection, and overall support. Much better for day-hikes, and trail use. But for around town, I'd stick with the Merrells.
