Nike Free Gym
I am in love with these sneaker. They felt small, I should have ordered half a size bigger if I had they would have been a lot more comfortable than what they already are.
True to size in length, narrow in width - but there is a reason for this madness as the neoprene gently over the course of about 5 short wears basically moulds to your own foot. Hurt like hell till they conformed to my foot, but let me tell you they are groovy looking, they are now super comfortable but I wouldn't recommend them as I want to be the only one in the world with these shoes. Haha (evil laugh) Oops, almost forgot to mention that these compared to Nike Rift do not knock you out with your own foot odor when you take them off due to the different materials used with airflow properties.
This could have been such a great shoe if it had been designed with a little more arch support, a little more flexibility through the toe box and a better color selection.  Contrary to what has been posted, the shoe does not run half a size small.  I sized up and was swimming in it.  I am not rebuying it in my size because for this price I can buy a more supportive shoe.  The 'Nike Free' designation is also misleading because this shoe does not share anything with the other 'Nike Free' styles which I like.
First off, you definitely want to follow the sizing recommendation and go a half size up from your non-Nike shoe size. I am an 8½ in all other flats and bought a 9 in these. Secondly, you should know that these shoes are not for people who want a lot of support in their footwear. These shoes are super minimal and great for people who are doing a lot of lifting or plyometrics and like the feel of a barefoot workout. I took these for a spin today, and while they were not totally comfortable out of the box, I think that was largely due to my not being used to such minimal support. I usually wear Nike free runners and these have significantly less cushion than those. After wearing them for a full training session, I can definitely say that they are worth a try for anyone who is drawn to things like five finger or other minimal training shoes but want a different look.
