Capezio Canvas Dansneaker®
I agree with other reviewers that it runs small. I usually wear an 8.5, ordered that and my feet were scrunched. Returning and getting a size up. Otherwise they seem very nice.
I ordered a 1/2 size larger based on prior reviews. They are slightly big but manageable with a thicker sock - suitable for Zumba.
These are much too short with a narrow toe box. I ordered a little larger, but I need still another size larger.
Love my shoes! I ordered 1 full size larger than normal size since your description stated they ran small. Actually only needed 1/2 size larger. Love your easy and ridiculously fast return service.
I ordered these for my 15 year-old son, who is appearing in a summer musical theater production. We had to order a half size up, after returning the size 11. He finds them to be very comfortable, and perfect for singing and dancing in the show.
This dance sneaker meets my needs. I use it for practice sessions. I bought it a half size larger than my regular shoe size, and the fit is just right.
I normally wear a size 8 and the size 8 fit perfectly, if not a little long for a jazz exercise shoe.  You usually don't want these to have a much extra length in the toe as you would your running shoes.
These shoes run about a full size smaller than your normal size (I wear an 8 so ordered a 9). Very comfortable but are ugly!  The look fine in the picture but because they are all canvas make your feet look huge.  That was disappointing.
Great shoes for dancing. If you're used to buying shoes a tad large, for toe wiggling room, go down a half size. These should hold your feet snug - or they will be too slippery in the wrong places.
These are extremely comfortable. I went up a 1/2 size, and that was perfect. They were a bit slippery until I roughed up the bottoms a bit - very good for Zumba pivots.

I bought these shoes for dance-oriented aerobics class. After reading all the reviews, I ordered a much bigger size than usual and I was skeptical about width. I wear a 6 1/2-7 WW shoe but I ordered an 8M. I think the width works because the body of the shoe is fabric and the lacing allows for some adjustment. I have worn these to several classes and find them comfortable. I also ordered two styles from Bloch but found them too narrow so they went back. I hope reading this review helps!
Comfortable, fits true to size, not bad looking. Perhaps a great jazz dance shoe, but just not supportive enough on the balls of feet for a Zumba class which is what I'd hoped it would work for. Otherwise a great, flexible, comfortable shoe. 
After reading the reviews from others on this shoe, I bought it for my Zumba class. Works great for Zumba especially on carpet. You glide with them and turns are so much easier. Bought 1/2 size bigger fits perfect. Took a little getting used to fit but works great now. Recommend for anyone in Zumba classes!
