Bloch Wave Dance Sneaker
The Bloch Wave is overall a great shoe. Although please follow the other reviewers' advice.  Buy at least one size bigger.  I have always worn a 6.5, but in this case had to get a 7.5.
The best shoes I have ever had for maneuverability and comfort during Zumba have been dance sneakers. However, they are a bit plain to look at so I was pumped to see these funky Wave sneakers by Bloch. Based on reviews I ordered a half size bigger, but that still left my toes feeling a bit crunched. They are narrower at the front, which may have something to do with that. My foot is a tad on the wide side, but not a lot. These also had less support than my old pair of dance sneakers and when I gave them a spin test on various floors of my home, they were very slippery! The middle part of the front underside is sort of a hard plastic almost. So it made clacky noises on my tile floors and were super slippery. On my wood floors, they were quieter and had great spinning and not too much sliding. These would probably be excellent for any classes done on carpet. I liked the breathable mesh and the flexible toes. Had they fit in the toes, I'd have kept them.
I found this to be too small. I usually take a 7 in most shoes but in these I would need at least a 1/2 size bigger. It might be because they are so narrow at the toe.
This sneaker is amazing. I wear these for Irish dance, which is heavy on the pounding and jumping and by the end of class, my feet still feel fantastic. The split sole is of course a must, but the one on these particular shoes gives especially good control. Also, the ball of the foot on these shoes articulates as well, which is very helpful. These dance sneakers are light-weight and easy to tie and tighten. Highly recommended.
As for fit, I decided to go half a size up, just because the color I wanted was not in my regular street sneaker size. I have wide-ish feet and with the extra room these fit great. My brother (also a dancer) bought a different color in his regular size and because he has narrower feet, it fit fine. 
